You know that what I do is to write for the kids, and, in fact, I'm probably the car for kids, more read in the U.S.
And I always tell people that I don't want to look like a science.
I can look at it as a farmer, or with a clothes of it, and no one has been able to choose a favorite.
I'm here to talk to you about controllers and spirits.
And you know that a general effort is something that is going on at some place.
You just have to go back to the back to see it as an effort.
That's the picture of a circle.
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Bang.
It's the kind of complicated cell of what I'm going to talk about.
My cell started in the years, in the middle school in the middle school -- Oh, where I was the back of the guy.
And when they go up to each week in the bottom of the kids, until a teacher saved me life.
She came up with my life to let me go into the back of the teacher room.
I did it in secret in secret here.
For three years.
And I had to go from the city.
I had a light -- and I ended up in San Francisco -- and I found in San Francisco -- I found a love -- and in the 1960s, I felt the need to start working in organizations that they fight against DNA.
About three or four years ago, at half of the night I got a phone called the team of that teacher -- the Mr. Poll he said, "I need to see it.
I am sure that we have never been able to know.
You could come to Oh, and please bring that man I know you've already found you.
And I have to say I have cancer cancer, and I'd like you to leave you with this by favorite."
Well, the next day we were in Congress.
And we went to see, we went up, and we realized that she needed to be hospital.
We found a place -- we found it, and we put it out of their family, because it was need.
It's something we knew how to do.
And so as the woman who wanted to know as an adults I was going to know, he became a car box and it was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the cell had been constructed, he had become a circle -- and that phenomenon that I told you was done in itself.
The effort is that death is part of life.
She came up with my life, my couple and I went out of it.
And you know that that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
It needs real and beauty -- and I'm very happy to be a lot of this.
It also needs -- it needs a display, love and place.
Thank you.
As an art, the connection is very important for me.
And through my work, I'm trying to express that humans are not separate from nature and that everything is international.
I first went to the first time about 10 years ago, and there I saw my first strategies.
I was approached.
My heart high heart was down, trying to understand what I was in front of me.
And you put them around the water of the water.
The strategies are born when you get out of the galaxies or they break the ice bars.
Every single man has its own individual personal people.
They have a different way to interact with their environment and their experience.
Some of them are going to go up and go up to the end, while others can't put them more and they get up in a distributed pattern of paradigm.
It's easy to think, when you look at a show, that are sensitive and only -- in large measure as we see us as humans as humans.
But the reality is the whole thing.
And as you give up a short, I'm looking at your anti-portion atmosphere.
And as you get a little bit of free water water.
I was going to photograph these transports as if you were going to try to be the restaurants of my antibiotics, knowing that in these unique moments there are just that way.
It's not the death when they disappear, it's not an end, but a conversation of their way for the city of life.
And part of the ice of the streets that photograph is very young -- it has a couple of years.
And another part of the ice has over 100 years.
The last pictures that I would like to show you are a printer that photograph in Kenya, Grand.
It's a little bit often to be able to predict a red strategy.
Here you go.
You can see the left a little baby.
It's about five feet.
And I would like you to pay attention to the shape of the shark and their flower line line.
You can see here, you start to break up, the bar has moved into the other side and the man is there.
This is a Greek strategy of Greenland first.
It goes out of the water about a hundred feet or 40 feet.
This video is in real time.
And so again, the profit shows you a different side of their personality.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two pieces in 1998, the same day, exactly in the same time, every single single single day, OK.
And so, two pieces every one with a baby.
I don't want you to get too much in the details of the consequence, because if you stop thinking about the conversation in yes, they're not going to pay attention to me.
Let's think about that for a moment.
And in this stage I want you to imagine that, in a case, the crime and the experiment is at the end of the 1970s.
And in the other case, the 12 percent of the hope is used by the 12 percent.
So both of them get up and get the life.
We will go back to them.
In my activity I was going to take two roles.
In one of my relationships -- I work with the history of antibiotics.
I am a story for form and what I study in this case is the way people open the analysis -- to say, of human bodies and animal bodies -- how they have considered the body flowers, the idea of the body -- what have thought about the body.
The other role that I ended up in my work is the activity, as a decision of patients or as I say sometimes a lot of people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've been working with people whose physical cartoons define social condition.
I have been working for example, for example, with seventh people, two people inside a body.
I've been working with people with some sorts of people -- a lot more low than the media.
And I've worked with a lot of cases of people with sexual sex.
In general lines we can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to show it.
It was interested by a lot of ways.
I'm going to give you some examples in ways that you have a sex that is not entertained in the common form or family.
For example, there is the case of the individuals with X-ray criminal creative crime -- which genes of the crime -- and he tells the protections, that we all have in the physical life, which are become tension.
And then, in the physical life, the teams produce terrorist.
But given that this individual comes out of teachers -- the body doesn't mean the same thing.
It's the sensory system to analysis.
And so there are high levels of team, but without responsibility.
And as a result, the body is developed by getting a failure completely family.
When the baby goes up, the baby has about a child.
It's a little girl -- it's created as a child.
And often it's not to the protection, when it is growing and developing the senses, but it doesn't have the personal period -- when someone realized that something is going on.
Then to make them experts realize that instead of having observations and gentlemen, it actually has teachers and a crowd.
The important thing to understand is that you can think about a man, but it's actually not like this.
Women like men -- we have in the body something called surgeons collective.
They're at the top of the body.
The surgeons produce antibiotics, the horror of magic.
Most women like me -- I consider a typical woman -- I don't know his criminal structure -- I think it will be a typical woman most women like me are sitting at the antibiotics.
We produce antibiotics and we respond to them.
As a result, someone like me has the most effective brain that the woman who was born with teachers that have the sensory of intelligence to analysis.
That's why sex is a complicated thing -- it's not that the interactions are in the middle of the space -- in a way can be everywhere.
Another example -- I got a few years ago I got a call from a 19 years I was born and raised as a search, and I had a sense and sexual relationship with it, I had a life as a man and I just found out that I had obsessions and I was able to figure out that I had obsessions and I had to figure out that I
It had an extreme way of a disease known as a concerned substantial head.
I had a lot of 20th and in the top of the supermarkets that were so active that in essentially they created a massive massive environment.
And as a result, their governments were marketed, their brain was ready to the human company in the marketing computer.
It was born with a little bit of a child -- no one started anything.
And it was at the age of 18 years when I started to have medical problems made by the inner environment, when the doctors found that in fact, it was a woman in the way.
Well, another quick example of a case of interest.
Some people who have been known in the 20th percent, which is known as a prototypes, is to say, they have an extra sentence in the temperature text.
We don't know why that happens.
So, there are a lot of sex.
The reason that kids with this kind of bodies -- and they are straight, the search genes, or interviewer, they are supported to the normal cells is not to be able to get a better physical health.
In many cases, people are perfectly super.
The reason that they get to a number of surgery is that they're an threat for our social cars.
The system is based on the idea that a particular approach is going to make a particular idea.
We have the idea that it will be a woman that is a woman who is a woman to have family institution, and it's going to be black to say to have Africa in history.
It's a very simple idea.
And when you present a body that shows something quite different -- we have problems with care.
And so we have very radical ideas in our culture about the individuals in our culture.
Our nation is based on a concept of a very normal individuals in the concern.
Imagine how amazing it is to have children who are born as two people inside a body.
The most famous case is last year with the South South South State Saturn Saturn -- it was put up in the search of their sex in the Internet International Canadians.
A lot of people called to say, "What are you going to do to say, "What are you going to do to figure out if World September is man or woman?
And I had to explain to the personalities that there is not such a extraordinary.
In fact, we now know that sex is so complicated that the nature is so complicated that nature is not going to be able to take a long line between men and women and women and women and women and women and women and women and interviews, and we are the ones who are going on that line.
So what we have is a situation where the science, the more we have to admit that these cars -- we have to guess that these cars -- that we thought they were an amazing article careers that are spread directly with intelligent careers that are much more likely than we thought about.
And not just in terms of sex.
And also in terms of race -- something that it turns out much more complicated than it is to be much more complicated than the end of it.
As you see, we get in a strange temperature.
We looked at example, for example, the fact that we share at least 99 percent of DNA with the chimpanzees.
What would we forget about the fact that we are going to be able to do in just a few nuclear nuclear?
And as we protect in science we get more and more and more in an amazing area that we have to recognize that the simple cars that we are going to do is probably too simple.
And we're looking at this in all the mouths of human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture, in the United States today are the fight to the beginning and the end of life.
It's hard to look at a moment in which a body gets human and has different rights to the phones.
And there are very advanced discussions today -- you know, not in public -- but I know within the medicine -- and I know when someone becomes dead.
Our ancestors never had to fly with this question of if someone was dead.
As a lot of people put up a little bit of the name and if you move they still didn't understand it.
If I stopped moving it out.
But today, for example, we can take visual organisms of a body and put them into another body.
And as a result, we need to focus on the disaster of the distribution of somebody -- and this gives us a hard situation where we don't have the simple cars of the past.
And maybe you think that this example of cars could get someone like me.
In politics I'm a prototype, by giving people with universal bodies -- but I have to guess that I got a neurons to me.
And I will tell you that these cars are much more excited than we thought about it.
And it takes from the point of view of the democracy of democracy.
And in order to tell you about this very first one, I have to guess that I'm a straight from the Parks Parks.
I know they were relative, I know they were sex, but they were great.
I mean, they were so valuable and surgery and so radical in what they did -- I find that I found that music in the music controllers, and not by the music -- which is totally spending.
It's what happened in 1980 with the Parks Parks.
The Paris Parks were for me, for me, the first activities of the analogy and explain to you why.
And what they did was an alternative concept and they remember it with another one that was radical and beautiful.
And as all of you remember, what you remember our Parks Foundation was the idea of the market. The market was based on a very simple concept of the antibiotics.
The old world of the old world didn't know the DNA -- but they had clear the idea of the right thing.
They had the collection of blue blood.
They were out of the idea that you get to the political power in the right of the flag to the father to the father and then the son, and then the son, etc.
The Paris Parks came up with that idea and represented it by a new alternative concept and that concept was that all men are created by the same.
They changed the game field and they decided that the argument that it was important in common and not the animal differences -- that was a very radical thing.
And in part they were doing it because they were going to be part of a strategic system where they were getting two things.
It was taking democracy up and at the same time I had the science.
And it sounds very clear -- if you look at the history of the Parks Parks, that many were very interested in science and in the idea of a natural world.
They were willing out of the surgery and by the way they get the concept of the collective power in the front of an idea of a right idea of nation.
They were moving into a natural concept of it.
And if you look at it, for example, the Democratic of India, talk about nature.
They don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to tell you who we are.
And at the point we were taking the idea of an artificial conversation.
And when you do that, they were sitting on the basis of the future movement of civil rights movement.
They didn't think about it, but they did it for us and it was great.
And what happened years after years after years.
And the women.
And then I came up with the success of the city of the civil rights with people from the card of Santa Trade, which said, "I am not a woman?
We found men in the fields of the World rights movement saying, "I am a man.
And again, people of color that I was going on to the alternative connection about the alternative difference and again, transformed.
We see the same with the Democratic Monto.
The problem is, of course, that as we look at the conditions we have to start to ask us why we keep certain distributions.
But attention -- I want to keep a few animals in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give you a fish the same rights than a human.
I don't want to say that we had to be able to do the antibiotics.
I don't mean that at the age of five years, they had to be allowed to have sexual relationships or to get home.
There are some animals that for me to make sense of me, and I think we should keep it.
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are, why are you going to keep them and if they have sense.
Well, let's go back to those two things at the beginning of this talk.
We have two things -- both of them at the middle of the 19th percent.
We imagine that one of them, Mars, I was born three months before I time, the one percent of 1960.
Hello, by the control, I was born in term, was born the one in the 1960s.
For the only fact that I would have been born three months before Mars is going to take all the right three months before the right -- the right to the sex consequence, the right to the voice, the right to battery.
Hollywood has to wait for all of that not because it has a different age, but because it was born later.
So we found other relationships to their rights to their rights to their right.
Hello, in view of being considered a man -- -- I haven't told you if it is X, in view of being a man now is to be able to have a lot of the dark teacher that Mars doesn't have to worry about.
Mars, because of his part -- it doesn't have the same rights to the market that hours in all the states -- for example.
Honey can be done in all of the states with a woman, but Mars can go to a woman just in some state.
And so it still has an amazing careers that in several species are problems and consumption.
And now the question is, what do we do now is that the science is so much in the field of the food that we get to the point of having to make sure that a democracy.
I don't want to go back to science, but at the same time I feel like science is going on.
Where do we go from?
It seems like what happens in our culture is a kind of private access, "Well, we have to bring the line in some part of it, so we're going to do it.
But a lot of people have been used in a open position of it.
For example, Texas in some point has decided that to get a man in a man you don't have to have a crash and you have to have a woman with a woman you have to have crime.
Now, in the practice they don't make a critical experts to people.
But this is also very strange for the story that I told you at the beginning of the intelligence to the analysis.
If you look at one of the fundamental parents of modern democracy -- Dr. Martin King King, in his discovery has been disappearing a solution.
It says that we should play people not in the color of their skin but in the content of their career, being beyond the analogy.
And I want to say, "Yes, the idea seems very good.
But in the process, how do you do?
How do you play people at the bottom of their correction?
I want to point out that I'm not sure that I'm not sure that I'm going to take us on this to give them right to the people, because I know that I know from some of us that I know that some of them are going to be able to remember that you probably make social services that some humans I know.
I also want to tell you that maybe some words that I know can take more decisions that I know that you can take more information, smart and moral relationships about their sexual relationships that I know.
So how do you put the issue of the content of control.
It's very hard.
And one part of me is asked what happens if the heart of a person could be measure with an instrument -- maybe with a massive responsibility.
Do we really want to get to that point?
I'm not sure where we go.
What I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States continue to get this kind of thinking.
We've done a good work of democracy and I think we will make a good work in the future.
We don't live for example, for example, in a context as a man who is sitting around for other men is sustainable to be adversarily, unless it's willing to be willing to stay to a sex change in whose case is allowed to live.
We're not in that situation.
And I decided that we don't have a context as the one of a surgery that I talked about a couple of years ago that I had done a couple of years ago that I had done to be able to see it and so on.
But when the phone was asked by the mountain of operation -- a very risk operation, I said that in that other country these kids would be very excited and because it had to do it.
And what he said, "Well, has the political beer rather than the self-assembly security.
The United States has huge possibility to people to be who are no longer to be able to change for the state of the state.
So I think we have to be on the head.
Well, to end I mean I've been talking a lot about the parents.
And I want to think about what the democracy would be like, or as it might have been -- if we would have been much more part of the Monkeys.
And I want to say something a little bit of a factory, and it is that I think there may be different ideas of different ideas of different animals, in particular if there are people thinking about groups.
From years ago, since I have been interested in international, I've also been interested in creating sexual difference.
And one of the things that I've been interested in is the differences between men and women in the way to think and work in the world.
And what we know about cultural studies is that women in average, but in average -- they tend to pay more attention to the complex social relationships and to get out of those who are vulnerable within the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
And years ago, when I was in the prison, one of my reasons I knew I was interested in the factory -- I was interested in the factory -- and I got a favorite -- like now made me a strange plan.
"You know what the family has for family.
And I thought, "It's the most likely question I've heard about.
The factory has to be able to get out of it, so there is nothing family in the factory?
But how much more I've thought about his question -- more that has been there that there is something female in the factory.
I mean, there might be something -- in average, something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more attention to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vision.
So if the parents were very important to find the way to protect people through the state of the state of the state -- is possible to have been more mothers to this concept -- maybe we would have gone up with the concept of production with the professional support.
And maybe that's what we have to do in the future when we take the democracy beyond the analysis, think less in the individual body, in terms of the identity -- and think more in the relationships of it.
So while we try to create a more perfect music, we think about what we do for the others.
Thank you.
In 2009, I decided that we had to recognize how we think about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when every family thought of where every family wants to live and work -- you have the possibility to choose between the least a bunch of different cities that are eating to get back to new research.
Well, at this point we are far away from that goal.
There are thousands of people in developing countries that don't tell a single city to get them.
But the amazing thing about cities is that you get a lot more than their cost of building it.
So we might be able to put it into the world, maybe hundreds of new cities.
Well, this can be used if you have never thought about new cities.
But just you just read them for applications of applications.
Imagine that half of the ones they wanted to live in approaches were already provided and that at the other half it would still get to do it.
You could try to increase the ability to make the ability to do all the wrong building.
But you know that the problem that you face is that those buildings and the areas that they are able to do is to avoid motivations to avoid the models and the distribution of the building disease.
So it would be very difficult to do all of those amazing.
But they could go to a completely new place -- build a completely new building building -- always and when the notion of that place is the building instead of putting it out.
So I guess the governments create new areas of relative enough to tell cities and gave them a name -- cities under state.
And later I was able to understand that more or less at the same time, James and Saudi were thinking about the challenge of reconnecting Hollywood.
They knew that every year about 75 hours will come out of their country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and make those same things in Hollywood.
And in the summer of the summer of 200 hours I spent for a distributed conventional crisis.
And in the next record elections, I lost a place with a platform in which we have a little bit of the restaurant and the same time.
I asked him to say that it was his government character.
And as I was as much as I was prepared to give a talk at TED.
On the front of a personal process, trial and error and a huge amount of test with use, trying to reduce this complicated concept of cities under their most exciting ideas.
The first point was the importance of norms, like those neurons that say that you can't go and make all of the current resistance resources.
We put a lot of attention to new technology, but you need so much of technologies to protect them, and they are usually the rules that are going to be able to move up.
In the age of 2010, a Galaxy friend sent him to Santa a line with TED.
He showed him at Japan.
They were called me.
They said to me, "We are going to say this to the leaders of our country.
And so we went back in Michael, in a room of a hospital room.
I tried to explain this point about the values that are cities -- much more values than their moral cost is.
And I used this picture that shows the value of the terrorists in a place like New York City -- you know, in some cases, you get thousands of dollars per square mind.
But it was a pretty exciting discovery, and at some point, when there was a passion, Sarah said, "March, maybe we could see the video of the TED talk to the TED Talk.
And the talk described in very simple terms that a very simple city is a place where you start with terrible sensors, a state that looks like the rules that are going to move out there and an opportunity so that people can choose if you want to go or not live under those norms.
So the president of Hollywood calls me, and he told me that we had to do this project -- this is important, this could be the way for our current country.
He asked me to go to Teleran and talk about the four and five of them.
So I started another talk full of data, which even an image like this, that I tried to explain that to get a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Disney and the white line is the new device that was built in Delish.
It just goes over to more than 100 miles long.
So I was trying to convince the tools that to build a new city, you have to start with a place that is at least one percent.
That's more than 100 percent.
All the world.
The face of the public were very serious and attractive.
The leader of the content is going on to the platform and said, "Break Rome, thank you very much for his talk, but maybe we could see the video of the TED talk.
I have this in my computer."
So I felt and showed the TED.
And this explain the exciting thing -- that a new city can offer new choices for people.
There would be a city of a city that you might go to be in Hollywood, rather than hundreds of thousands of miles to the North North.
And it also takes new choices for the leaders too.
Because the leaders of the Higgs government would need to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to go up and make the norms of the state -- so that they were all able to focus in that the statistical state is going on.
We went up and we saw a system.
This picture is there.
It could be able to open a thousand miles away.
And a little bit after that, the 18 percent of money, they came in the Congress to understand their Connection and to add a conventional direction that allows us to create these special resources.
In a country that I had just been going on for this day, the fly in the Congress of the failure of this construction state was about 12 to one.
All of the participants, all of the families in society.
In order to increase in Congress, you have to test two times in the Congress.
The 18 percent of February was supposed to be over the other time in the other end of 12.
And immediately after the voice, about 21 to 25 to 25 percent, a population of about 30 hours went to the two places in the world that are more interested in the building of cities.
One of them is Columbia Carolina.
This is a picture of a new center of the city that is being built in the Court of the Sun, is bigger than the center of Boston.
All you see there was built in four years, after they spent four years to get the personalities.
The other country in the building of cities is Saturn.
In fact, they have built two cities in China and they are getting up for a third one.
And if you think about this, this is the point where we are.
They have a place, and they're already thinking about a place for the second city.
They are paying a legal system that will allow us to come in, and in the time they would allow us to work under a strange moral system.
A country has already been forced to allow us to allow her to be the last subject for this new political system.
There are units and building cities that are very interested in the project.
You can even get a little bit.
But the only thing we know is that they have been a good number of stores.
There are a lot of companies that wanted to be inspired in the United States, especially in a place with a place with a free area, and there are a lot of people who would like to go to live there.
In the world there are 300 million people who say you would like to change another place.
There is a million to the year that comes out of America to go to the United States.
A lot of them are parents that have to leave their family to go back to their family to get a work, sometimes they are stem mothers that have to win money to just eat or buy the correction.
So literally, sometimes there are even kids who are trying to meet with their parents that have not seen in some cases, in a decade in a decade in a decade in a decade in a decade in a decades.
So what does it seem to think about the building of a new city in Hong?
Or to build a pain of these, or a focus of these all over the world?
What does it seem to think about to do so that families can choose between several cities that are eating to get new research?
This is an idea that is worth decision.
And my horizontal friends asked me to say, thank you.
I'm John, and this is my value.
But before you show you what there is within it, I'm going to make a public conference -- and it is that, I live with the brains.
I love to find it, and you can see, and more recently, you know, and you get to put and put in my block and the distribution and the different brains and different for every one.
But I don't buy anything new.
All of my clothes is a second hand of locations and sense of a second hand.
Oh, thank you.
The second hand is allowed to reduce the impact of my flow in the environment and in my biology.
And I got to know people who are going to be able to get a good cause and my money is going to get a good cause -- and I will buy it to be my personal personal search for you.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
It's going to be my face?
Would I like the color?
It will cost less than 20 dollars.
If all of the answers are positive -- then I feel that I have gone.
I went back to the issue of my value, I want to tell you what I started for this exciting week at TED.
I mean, what do I do is someone who has all that career?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I did.
I've brought seven feet in the Internet, and nothing more.
And I was interested for exactly a week is all I put in my value.
I imagine that it would be able to find all of the other things that I want to use after you get here to Paris States.
And because I don't know as the woman who was walking at TED in the Internet,  -- that means I found some things.
And I would like to show you now the solutions for this week.
It doesn't sound interesting.
And while I do that, I'm also going to tell you some of the leaders of life that, and you know, I have learned in this point of not using new collection.
Let's start with the door.
And this is what I call it brilliant train.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to see good.
You almost can always see it for less than 50 dollars.
All of the supply, including the card, and it's the most expensive thing I've used in the week.
Limites, the color is energy.
It is almost predictable impossible to be a bad thing, when you're looking at a brilliant red paradigm.
If you're happy, you're going to bring other happy people.
Marshard, interaction is supposed.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time.
I just know yourself.
If you go out of the right people, you don't just understand you, you will also get you.
Man: The kid of the child that you get inside it.
Sometimes people tell me that it seems like it seems to play the discoveries, or I remember to their little seven years.
I like to do it and say, "Goodbye?
Johnson, trust is the key one.
If you think you see you well with something, it's almost sure you are.
And if you think you don't look good with something, it probably is true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until the 30 years that I really understood his meaning to me.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you're a beautiful person in your inside and outside -- there is no looking at you that you can't get up.
So there is no except for anybody in this audience.
We need to be able to do everything we want to do.
Thank you.
You see, a really universal universe for you to do with you, and the shoes are going with everything.
And finally, I was going to be able to develop a personal state and only is a great way to tell the world something about you without having to say a words.
I've tried it over and over again when people were going on this week just by what I was using -- and we had fantastic conversation.
Now obviously all this is not going to go into my little value.
So before I went home to Brazil, I'm going to give you everything.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn about this week is that you have to leave a few things.
I don't need to add to these things, because it comes back to these things, because it will always have another local brand, collaboration and brilliant ending, if there's a little bit of love in my heart and looking for it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
So this is a responsibility of your brain that we can do in two parts.
The left side -- which is the legal part -- and the right side, which is the international part of it.
So if we use a scale to measure the approach of every hospital, we could design a piece of our brain.
For example, this would be somebody who is completely light.
This would be somebody who is totally intelligent.
So where do you take your brain in this scale?
Some of them would get out of one of these extremes, but I think for most terms of this audience, their brain is something like this -- with a great activity in both of the same time.
It's not that they are a lot of extremes.
You can be legal and intelligent.
I consider me one of those people, which just like most of the other quantum physical physics -- we need a lot of light to connect these different ideas.
But at the same time, we need a lot of intelligence to make the experiments really work.
How do we develop this intelligence? Well, we like to play with things.
We get to play with them and then we see how we do it, and then we developed our understanding from that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
And a lot of understanding that you can have developed with the country of the years is that one thing can be only in a place at the time.
I mean, it can be able to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you were not born with this notion -- they developed it.
I remember to look at a child playing in a strategy boat.
It was a small kid and he didn't do it very well, it always goes down.
But I guess that the play with that piece of stage taught him a value -- and it is that the big things don't allow them to bring them up, and they stay in a place.
This is a great cognitive model that you can have in the world, except that you are a physics of particles in it.
It would be a terrible model for a particular physical physics -- because they don't play with station batteries, play with these small particles with them.
And when you play with their particles -- they found that they do all sorts of things that are really open -- like they can go through walls -- or they can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all these objects -- and they called it the quantum mechanism.
In that point was the physics a few years ago, you need to have the quantum medicine to describe those little particles to describe those little particles for it.
But they didn't need to describe the big objects that are going on every day.
That was not very good to my intelligence, and maybe it's because I don't play very often with particles with particles in it.
Well, sometimes I play with them, but not a lot.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, no one saw a particles in it.
But it's not going to be good to my legal part of it.
Because if everything is made of small particles and all the small particles follow the principles of quantum medicine -- then it should not all follow the principles of the cultural mechanism."
I don't find the reason why it shouldn't be.
And so I would feel much better if I could be able to show that a common object also follow the principles of quantum medicine.
That's why I do some years ago, I can do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object that you can see that has been in a quantum mechanism.
What we see here is a little computer.
And you can try to see the green point right in the environment.
That is the medical design that I'm going to talk about a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here I'm going to make it a little bit. You find it right in the center.
And then here we do a well good transportation in a little bit of the microbes of the mission.
So what we see is a little bit of metal, with the form of transportation and it was going to support in a planet.
And then I did this almost the same way that you would make a computer.
I went to a clean room with a again, and I started to work all the big machines for about 100 hours.
For the last material -- I had to build my own machine -- to make this office with a little bit of nature that is in front of the device.
This device has the ability to be in a quantum surface, but for that it needs a little bit of help.
Let me make a analysis.
You know how amazing it is to be in a full leadership of people.
I mean, when I am in a state only -- I do all sorts of things, but then when other people are going to be able to do those things, because I don't want to get them out, or in fact, I will be able to add to you, or in reality, I will be able to add them out.
The quantum medicine says that the Indian objects are shared in the same way.
You know, the travel companies of the international objects are not just people -- it's also the light that would take it and the wind that happens to their side and the heat of the room.
And so we knew that if we wanted this piece of metal to be able to agree to the quantum medicine, we would have to express all the other streams.
And that's what we did.
We apply the lights -- then we went up with a standard and we put all the air -- and then we put it to a temperature of less than a degree for the contract of the country.
Now, when it will just be in the electron, the small piece of metal is free to act as I want.
So we measure their movement.
We found that they move in very strange ways.
Instead of getting perfectly like, I was looking at it, and the way I saw it was like a responsibility of this way -- as a line that was spread and controlled.
And when you give a supermarket stage, we could make it look at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum medicine.
So what I'm telling you is something really fantastic.
What does it mean that one thing is looking at and not seen at the same time.
Let's think about the task.
In a case, all of the trains that we have to focus on that piece of metal are want to do and at the same time, those same time are moving up and down to down.
It is just at the same things when those are adapted.
In the rest of the time they're disappearing.
It means that every taken is in two different places at the same time, what it means is that the whole piece of metal is in two different places.
I think this is great.
All right.
I was going to be able to get it in a clean room to do this for all of those years -- because you look at this, the difference in scale between a single touch and that piece of metal is more or less the same as the difference between that design and you.
So if a single man can be in two different places at the same time, and that piece of metal can be in two different places, why don't you too.
I mean, this is my crazy part that I talked about.
So imagine if they were in several places at the same time, how would that be?
How do you add your connection if your body was delivered in the space?
There's another part of the story.
And it's when we get it, and we put the lights and look inside the box and we saw that the metal is on a single piece there.
And I was able to get to this new transmission -- all of the objects in the electron actually are quantum objects that are just doing in a little space.
You hear a lot about that the quantum quantum quantum that everything is international.
Well, that's not so true.
It's more than that, it's more profound than that.
It is that those connections -- your connections to all the things that you get up, literally define who you are, and that is the deep radio of quantum medicine.
Thank you.
My name is America.
And 18 months ago, I was able to do another work in Google until I read the idea of doing something related to a lot and art to my character that is here and I allowed me to take it to it.
I took 18 months.
A lot of business and stories -- you know, with 16 very interesting new countries.
But I'm going to focus on the decade.
There's a lot of stories of why we did.
I think my own story is going to be just in this slide and this is the access of it.
I grew up in India.
I got a great education of a great education -- but I didn't have access to many of these models and open work.
So when I started to travel and go to museum -- I started learning a lot.
And working in Google -- I try to make the desire to make it more access to technology.
So we form a team -- a great team of people, and we started doing it.
Let me show you the day for then you can explain a couple of interesting things that we've taken up from the landscape.
So simply let's just go to Google.
Look around all the models that we have.
It's the Uganda Galaxy, the Marine, the Marine, the Romanics, the Romantic Gore.
In fact, I'm going to go into one of my favorite favorites, the Minister model of New York City.
There are two ways of doing it -- very simple.
We do it and fish, we are already inside the museum of it.
It doesn't matter where they are, Boston or Mars, that doesn't really matter.
You move out there, and they get distributed.
Do you want to take the museum?
We open on the top of the street, and with a single civilization, we're going to go into it.
They're inside that they want to go at the end of the space.
They go up to the way they disappear.
They explore.
Thank you, but I haven't come to the better.
Now I'm from one of my favorite paintings, "The Carolina Parks in the Mindo.
I see the next day.
If the museum shows us the picture -- we do it right there.
Look at this is one of the images.
Here is all of the methods in it.
For those of you who are really interested in the art -- you can actually do it in the art -- but I'm going to do it right right now.
And this is one of the images that we've changed in what we call the general technology.
So this image -- for example, you know, I think, about 10 million dollars.
And there are many people who ask me, "What do you get with 10 million pieces?
So I'm going to show you what you really get with 10 million dollars.
It can make it a very simple way.
You see things that are going on.
I love this girl -- his experience has no price for it.
But if you really want to get it.
So I started playing it, and I found something that happened there.
And I said, "I mean, this seems interesting.
I found out that children were actually playing something.
And I had a little bit of a little bit of the Mindley, and I actually found out that this is a game called "The pollution -- which is going to be able to put up an ocean with a piece of Carolina.
And as it looks like it was very popular in it.
I don't know why they did, but I've learned something about it.
And now we're going to stay even more in deep and you'll see that you can actually get to the graphics.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective, I'm going to leave the picture, so you can see what there is.
This is where we were, and this is the painting.
The best thing is to come in, a second.
So now we're very quickly going to go back to the Monterey in New York.
Here's another one of my favorites, "The night stage."
The example that I showed was to find details.
But what if you want to see the patterns?
And if you want to see how Google actually created this work transport?
And it goes up and actually I do it.
I go to one of my favorite parts in this room, and I'm really going to get to the graphs.
This is the night story, I think I had never seen it before.
I'm going to show you another of my favorite function.
There are a lot of things over here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the really great part of it. It's called "The "Computers?
All of you, all of all, doesn't matter if it's rich or poor -- or if you have a market, that day.
You can be able to create their own museum -- create their own color from all these images.
It's very simple -- we get -- I have created this function that I call "The power of the color, -- we just just made a car around it.
This is the Malley Mansfaces in the National National Galaxy.
You can put things out, send it to their friends and keep a conversation about what they feel when you can control these kinds of media.
So I think for me, I think for me, the main thing is that all the amazing things really don't come from Google for me.
No, in my view, they even don't come from the museums.
Maybe you shouldn't say this.
They actually come from those art.
And that has been my human experience with this.
I mean, I hope that in this digital media makes her article to his art of art and which is actually prepared in line.
And the big question that they do today is, "You did this to reduce the experience of going to a museum?
And the answer is no.
It's to get the experience.
And that's it. Thank you.
Thank you.
Good tasks all together.
I have something to show you.
You think it's a paradigm, a value paradigm.
In our lab we call it sexual design.
I'm going to tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture -- I am from the street -- all the children in India grow up with this picture in the wall of his distance, but the reason why I show you this is that it has happened very interesting in the cars of Facebook -- one in the last two decades in the last two decades.
It makes some time ago, if you wanted to win a French career -- it took a computer and I would put it into a good pill and a good car and a good car and a good car.
And if the car and the pilot were good enough -- you get the career.
This is what I mean, in engineering is going to call control in real time.
In essentially it is a system that has two companies, a sense and a access.
Now what's interesting today is that the control systems are starting to go into our lives.
Our cities, in the last few years, have been covered from networks and electricity.
They are becoming computers to the free air.
And as you know, they're starting to answer different and they can be destroyed and active.
It is a great thing.
As a night I wanted to say that cities are only two percent of the top of the planet -- but they represent 50 percent of the global population.
75 percent of the energy of energy -- and to 80 percent of the CO2 emotions.
If we could do something with cities, it would be a big thing.
beyond the cities, all of these decisions and activity are interested in our everyday objects here.
This is a passion of Paris God at the end of the Man, during the search.
It's called "The "Middle Tony."
Well, our objects -- the environment starts to talk about.
In a way, it's as if almost all of us are going to go back and become sensitive and action.
And that's changing the interaction that as humans we have with the outside environment.
In some sense, it's almost like in the old dream of Michael Green.
You know, when you find out that at the end of the Monterey, it says that at the end of the Martin -- it says that at the end of the Mountain -- you can still see a little bit of a little bit of the back -- and he said shell, "Be "Did not spend any painting?
Well, today, for the first time, our environment starts to talk about.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples -- including in the idea of taking the environment and accepted something.
Let's start with the design.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects of our lab.
This was four years ago.
It was a summer with the subject of 2007.
It was the year in which India won the County of the world.
Maybe some of you remember it, they put Elder and Francisco, and at the end of Zimbab gave the head.
And anyway, at the end of Italy.
Now let's see what happened that day looking at the activity happened in the network.
Here we see the city.
You see the College in the middle and the Russian Red.
It's the morning, before the game.
The line of time is at the top of the time.
And by the time there are people over here, and there we get called moving called moving.
It starts the space, silence.
Grandmoth from Francisco.
I train -- people make a quick call and go to the baby.
A second time of time.
So first of the first time, the second time.
Observe, and in a moment, the head.
George England, yes.
That night were all going to put it into the center.
There you see the big path.
The next day they were at the center of the center of the foreign team and the first half of time.
And then all the world.
You see the picture of the place called City Monterey -- from the age of the time, people are going to celebrate -- it's a great environment, you can see the path at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how you can measure the police of the city in a way that we haven't been able to do just a few years ago.
Another quick example of description, it's not about people, but of things that we use and we use it.
Today, we know everything about the process of our object.
This is a map that shows all the kids that have a Martin: how do you get up.
But we know very little about where things.
And so in this project we developed a little bit of small strategies to reduce the basis in the system.
So we started with a few videos that would help us in Signal a little bit more than a year ago, to keep what they were actually going on, different kinds of things, as you can see, things that you can see, things that are going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able
And then we put a little chimpanzee, a stranger, and then we started to get it.
These are the results of it.
So from Silicon.
After a week.
And with this information we realized that there are many institutions in the system.
We can do the same thing with much less energy.
These are data that you don't exist.
They are going through complicated things and there's a lot of intelligent transportation.
But the other thing we believe is that if you look at all the days that the rate that we're going to do.
And if the plastic rate that we opened on one day still there.
And if we show that to people, then we can be able to make some change change.
That was the reason for the project.
My colleagues of the MIT, Alexander Benjamin, could tell you a lot more about detect and many other great things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part that we get to the beginning, which is to act on the environment.
And the first project is something that we did a couple of years ago.
It all started with a question of the city of the city, which came and told us that Spain and the South Europe have a beautiful tradition of the use of the water in public spaces in the architecture.
And the question was, how can the technology, the new technology, support that?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT, in a stage, was imagine that they have a little bit of the course and violence, you know, the supply and the states that they open up and you get up.
It was created as a water, with water.
If you look at the paintings you can write in them, I'm going to be able to show patterns -- you know, texts.
And by the way, the car will open up so that we can go on, as you see in the picture.
We present this to the Bang Benjamin.
I like a lot of it.
And you have a compassion to design the building of the English.
We call it Delishal Delish.
All the building is made of water.
There are no doors and seals, but when you go up to you so that you can happen.
The rest is also covered of water.
And if there is a little bit of wind -- if you want to make the shadows, it goes down the roof.
Or you can close the building and all the architecture in this case.
Those days will always have someone in the investment, when you go down the roof, someone who was there and he said, "I want the building.
No, it is not that they have disappeared, but when you go down almost all of the architecture disappears.
Here it is.
You look at the personal people for what happens in it.
And here I am trying not to go to not go to try and try and test the water.
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the symptoms were left to work.
That night was actually even more fun.
All the kids in bacteria came to the building because the way to interact had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that was open to let me go up, but a building that I kept doing cars and holes of water and you had to go back to not work.
(Audience: And for us that was very interesting because as an architecture.
But then the reality is always printed.
And that's the beauty of doing things to interact that people use.
This is a picture of the building with the physical paintings, the water, the water, and of projects about them.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those pieces could start to fly back.
Imagine that they could have little hospitals in the air and that each one had a little piece that changes color as if it was a cloud that moves in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a hero, like the one that we saw before, which is moving with others in silence.
We could form this cloud.
A kind of free screen like this with a normal control in two dollars.
Or normal -- but in three dollars, where it changes the light -- not the position of paintings.
You can play with a different guy.
Imagine that the screen was going on in different scale.
And that then all of that could be able to be able to start in 3D to the one that you can go in, and you can go up, and you can see from very different neighborhoods.
This is the real control Fortune, going down to form a Vier, like before.
When the light, you see this. The same thing we saw before.
Imagine every one of them control for a person.
We can have every single piece that comes from people, the movement of people, and so on.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We have been working with Robert Bond -- one of the best bacteria of today, the state of the New York New York City and the Microsoft School, to capture their movements in 3D and use them as a forest for the Facebook.
So here we can see Robert battery.
On the left you see the paintings, the capital in different ways.
It's so much 3D display in real time.
It can get all the movement.
You can get all the way.
And once we have the paintings we can play with them, with the color and the movement and the moving and the record.
We want to use this as a possible.
I wanted to show you the last project that we're working on.
This is something for the World Obama of London, in London Organism.
It's called the New Newbor.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could invent people to do something and change our environment -- as a critical crisis, like the crime -- but with a cloud.
Imagine that we could make you all give you a little bit for a passion.
And I think the remarkable thing that has happened in the last few years is, in the last two decades, we went from the physical world to the digital world.
We have developed everything like knowledge -- and it's access through the Internet.
Today, for the first time -- we can just show it -- we can go from the digital world, of the digital world of the networks, the physical world.
In our case, this may we want to use it to design and make a system.
That would mean something built in a city.
But morning it can be to address the challenges of today, think of climate change or the CO2 emotions of CO2 -- how do we get from the digital world to the physical world to the physical world to the physical world.
The idea is that we can make people involved to do this together.
The cloud is a college, again, made out of paintings in the same way that the real cloud is a supply of particles in it.
And those particles are water, while in our cloud are paintings.
This is a physical structure in London, but it comes from paintings.
You can move in the inside -- having different experience.
You can see from the bottom -- it would be to share to share the main moments of the Arabic Obama in the 2010 and even more, and it can be used as a form of connection with the community.
So it's so much a physical cloud of the sky as something that you can go up, as a new top of London to you.
You can get there.
As if it was a new digital film on the night, but the most important thing is that it will be a new experience for anyone who goes to the face.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than what are you?
You know that I would tell you that, with just a few changes in their genes -- they could improve the memory -- for a more effective and faster and faster.
Or maybe you would like to be in a better way, to be more strong.
Would you like to be more active and sure of themselves.
So what is going to live more with good health.
Or maybe they are about those people who always wanted to be more creative to.
What do you like to do it?
What would you like if you could choose something.
(Audience: Consider of the Audience: creative creativity.
How many people are able to choose creativity?
Take your hand. Let me see.
You probably got to the amount of creative people.
That's very good.
How many of you will choose memory?
A few more.
And the physical state.
A little less.
What about the local?
Oh, most of that makes me feel very well as a doctor here.
If you could have some of this the world would be very different.
Is it just imagination?
Or maybe is it possible.
The evolution has been a question here in the TED conference but today I want to give you the watch of a doctor on the issue.
The great generation of the 20th century -- TED. The Galaxy who was also able to get up in the Robert Organization Red, I wrote a strategic trial that has been sensitive to the light.
But if you especially apply the biological evolution to consider this, it's just about the past, or the future of the future.
Do you mean the other or us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this room, well in an end is, of course, the one that we're interested in us.
We developed from a common artist with the modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years.
In the environment there has been maybe 20 to 25 different species of home.
Some of them have gone and back.
We've been here about 300 years old.
It might seem like we're very far away from other parts of this tree of life, but actually, in their majority the basic machine of our cells is more or less the same thing.
Do you realize that we can apply and control the map of a common bacteria to produce the protein of human industry that is used to treat the disconstants?
This is not like the human institution, but it is the same protection, but it's the same protection, which is what comes out of it.
And talking about bacteria -- you realize that we all get in the most bacteria that the cells that we have in the rest of the body.
Maybe 10 times more.
I mean, you think -- when David Darwin put the career on the boat, you think about bacteria?
The interface is a wonderful environment for those bacteria for those bacteria for them.
It is clear, dark -- it's very accepted.
And we're going to give you all the nutrients that you can want to want to want to want to do without your parts.
It's really kind of like a quick thing for the bacteria with the corruption of some of the things that are happening to the room.
But so we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential for our life.
They would help to design the basic nurses, and we have a few disease.
But what does the future mean?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary balance as a species?
Or willing to become something different -- something much better advanced to the environment?
And in this old sense of the universe, the life on Earth is like a huge company -- the animal rest -- as one and only companies -- and the human life, a little note of thank you.
That was us.
And it was also the whole part of this talk so I hope that they have been discovered.
When I remember the University I had my first kind of biology.
I was fascinated by the choice and the beauty of biology.
I found out about the power of evolution and I realized something fundamental in most of the life of life, in most of the lives of life, every single single single single single cell of that cell of that cell is brought up to the two children.
But when you look at the molecular organisms that things start to change.
It comes into the sexual revolution of the sex.
And something very important -- with the application of sexual revolution that happens the genome -- the rest of the body becomes present.
In fact, you could say that the institution of death death in evolution in the same moment of sexual democracy.
I have to tell you that when I was a college student I thought, well, I mean, sex searching for sex -- it seemed quite a lot of relevant at that time, but with every year I was going on, every single time he had more.
I got to understand the feeling of George Boston, who still was in the Vietnam Vermeters in their 90 years.
And one night someone goes back to his hospital door door.
He opened the door up.
And he came up with him to get a little bit of the rocket light line.
I looked at it and he says, "I'm looking for a search search.
"It's good." It says George, "I explore the sun."
I realized as a doctor -- that I was working for a different goal to the evolution of evolution -- not necessarily constant, just different.
I was trying to lose the body.
I wanted to make us healthy us.
I wanted to recognize health in disease.
I wanted to live more and more healthy way.
The evolution is going to be able to spend the genome to the next generation -- getting up and survived generation after generation.
From a point of evolutionary view you and I are kind of like designers of design designed to send the genetic letter to the next level of the next level and then let us go back to the sea.
I think we all understand the sense that you would explain World Woman when he said, "I don't want to get the impact through my work.
I want to do it not movement.
The evolution doesn't necessarily mean the location.
It doesn't necessarily mean the largest or the most strong or the faster and even the most smart and even the most smart and even the most smart and even the most interesting.
The fundamental evolution to the best concerns to their environment.
That is the only test and success.
In the bottom of the ocean of the ocean.
So what does this mean? When we look at what is going on in evolution and if we go back to think about the place of humans in evolution -- and in particular, if we look at it for the face, it would say that there are a lot of possibilities.
The first one is that we don't know.
We've got a kind of balance.
And the current relationship would be that as the medicine.
And in the second place, as a species, we have been able to find our environment for us to get to us as we get to it.
And by the way, you know, we carry, and we go up with so much that it is already not possible to have the anti-profit statement for the evolution to happen.
A second possibility is that you produce an evolution of the traditional type of natural type -- natural for the forces of nature.
And the argument here would be, that the engineers of evolution are going on, but they're institutional.
And in the end of the antibiotics, when we sort of, we have a species we are going to be able to be able to exist and the environmental changes that can produce the evolution in natural way.
But there is a third possibility -- an antibiotic possibility and anti-portion and antibiotics.
I call this negative, the new evolution -- which is not simply natural -- but it goes up and choose for us as individuals in the decisions that we do.
Now, how could this happen.
How could we get to do this?
We first consider the reality that a lot of people today, in some culture, are taking decisions about their depression.
In some culture, they are coming to have more values than women.
It's not something really good for society -- but it's what it comes to the individual and family.
They think that if it was possible to be able to choose not just the sex of their depression, but in their own body to do the genetic audiences to cover or prevent disease.
And if we could do the genetic changes to get the doctors or the Alexander or to reduce the risk of cancer.
Don't they want to do those changes in their genes in their genes in their genes in their genes in their genes in their genes in their genes in their genes in their genes in their genes in their genes in their genes in their genes in their genes in their genes in their genes in the genes?
If you look at the future that kind of change is going to be more and more possible.
The human George George started in 100 and a half years.
It's about 2,000 million dollars.
In the next year of having ended up, in 2008, I could do the same work for 20 million dollars in three or four months.
Today, you can get a full sequence of the three million dollars of the human genome of the human genome at the age of 20 and a week.
It's not going to be a lot to get a lot to make it really the human genome for 100,000 and to be more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more
They get those change.
The same technology that has produced the human industry in bacteria can make virus that we're not just going to protect them from them, but they are going to be able to live against other virus.
Creative or there is not an experience that is an experience in course with the vaccine against the cultural influence in the cells of a single plan.
Can you imagine something good for the story?
That's actually today and in the future it's going to be more possible.
Imagine just about two little changes of change.
Can you change the cells of their bodies but if they could change the cells of their depression?
And if you could change the hope and the visions, or to change your children in the form and give their children a better opportunity of a more healthy life -- to get the disasters, to pick up the horizon, to reduce the risk of cancer.
Who does not want more stores.
And then, that same artist technology -- that same range of science that can produce the changes to prevent disease is going to allow us to be able to be able to be able to make substantial strategies.
Why don't you have the income of a Kenya Joel about everything if you could put it up with the next generation of the that?
Why don't you have a faster center that allows us to run faster and more distribution?
Why don't you live more time.
This is going to be.
And when we are in conditions to spend this to the next generation and we can add the articles that we wanted to have become the evolution of before in necessary.
We're going to take a process that could normally take 100 years and we can buy it to 1,000 years and maybe happened within the next 100 years.
These are choose that their girls, or the girls of their kids, are going to have them.
Are we going to use these choices in a better society of a better society.
Or, we're going to choose a lot of different artists that we want for some of us to do for some of us, but not for the other of us, but not for every?
Are we going to build a society that is more open and more unit or more correctly, and more reduced?
This is the kind of question that we're going to have to focus on.
And the most profound thing about all, are we going to be able to develop the wisdom and to make the wisdom need to make these decisions supposed?
For good, and before what I could think, these choices are going to stay from us.
Thank you.
Imagine a great experience when you are about 300 miles old.
Imagine a grandmother full of human.
Imagine a teacher doing clean, clear, clear.
And I mean, I mean, clearly, clear.
Well, I had a unique seat that day. I was sitting in the 19.
It was the only one that I could talk to is the search antibiotics.
So of course, I looked at them, and they said, "You don't have problem. We probably get some birds.
The pilot had already looked at the airplane, and we were not so far.
You could see Mars.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The pilot is the airplane with the House right.
That's not the rural rate.
I'm going to go through the motors.
Imagine to be in an airplane and without noises.
And then he said three words ...
The three words that have ever heard about.
He said, "I'm going to go for the impact."
I didn't have to talk more with the search attack.
I could see it in his eyes.
It was terrible. life. life.
I want to share with you three things that I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in a strong.
So we have this list of things to do before I die before we were going to do, these things that we want to do in life, and I thought about all the people that I wanted to get and I didn't do it, all the ones that I wanted to do, all the experiences I wanted to have and never have.
And as I thought about that, I came up with a failure, which is, "I mean "Manhattan visualizations.
Because if the view is ready and the person is there, I'm going to open it.
I don't want to add anything in life.
And that organization, that prototype, has actually changed my life.
The second thing that I learned that day -- and this is while we took the George Wale who was not for a lot -- I thought about Mountain, I really feel a great design.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity and my mistakes I've tried to improve everything I did.
But in my humanity I also had a place to my etc.
And I read the time that I did in things that don't matter with people who are important.
And I thought of my relationship with my wife with my friends, with my friends, with the people.
And then as a measure in that, I decided to get the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect but it's much better.
In two years I haven't had a piece with my wife with me.
It feels like many.
I am not trying to have a reason -- English will be happy.
The third thing that I learned -- and this is like your mental relationship is going on, 15, 14, 11.
You see the water.
I'm saying, "Why do you get back?
I don't want this to break up in 20 pieces as you see in those documents.
And as we go out, I had the sense of me, Doug, die doesn't fear it.
It's almost like we've been prepared for it all of our life.
But it was very transformative.
I didn't want to go -- I love my life.
And that task was going to get in a single thinking, which is just a thing.
I was able to see my kids growing up.
A month later, I was in an action of my daughter -- first degree -- not a lot of artists -- I still --  --  --  --  --  and gravity, I mean, like a small one.
And for me, that was all the reason to be the world.
In that point I understood those two points -- that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great father in my life.
For all, the only goal I have in life is to be a good father.
I got a military, not to die that day.
And I got a little bit of a record that was the possibility to look at the future and go back and live in another way.
You are going to be looking at today, the challenge that you can imagine that the same thing in your goal -- and please not like this -- but you can imagine -- and how do you change it?
What are you going to do, you still hope to do because they think they're going to live for it?
How do you change their relationship and the negative energy in them?
And the most importantly, they're being the best parents that can you?
Thank you.
I certainly have been based on life with many amazing projects.
But the most cool thing I worked was for this guy.
The guy called TED.
The TED was one of the most important genes in the years.
And one day I came home after running and said, "Man: I feel a ants in the legs."
And that was the beginning of the EB.
The TED today has a total paradigm.
It can only use the eyes.
His work in me.
I have a design company and guess so obviously the graph is something that we can do and we respond in the world of art.
And so we decided that we were going to go to Tasmania, TED, and to their cause of it.
So I went and I went up with his brother and his father and I said, "We will give you this money.
What are you going to do with it?
And his brother said, "I want to be able to talk to Tasmanian again.
I just want to be able to communicate with him.
And I said, "One second -- it's not that -- I look at Steve Han: isn't all the people who are going to be able to communicate through those distances?
And he said, "No, unless you're somebody important and you have a very good sure you can't actually do it.
These devices are not all for people.
And I said, "Well, how do you communicate then.
Does someone look at the movie and the Marineone?
They communicate that way.
I said, "That's antibiotic. How can it be?
So I was present with the only desire of making a car and instead of that I didn't have the best idea of how I was going to cover it.
I bought with his brother and his father there at that time at the time, and this is the treatment, Tony is going to talk -- we're going to build a machine -- and we're going to find a way to go back to make your art again.
Because it is rich that someone who has so much in their interest can't be compared.
So I talked about a couple of months later.
I met these guys called Gandhi Red Landier, who have a technology that allows them to provide a light in any surface and then, with a little bit of it, they draw on that and they remember the negative space.
So they go out there making art institutions like this.
All of the things that they say, they say, are part of a life of life.
First of all, you start with the sexual oceans -- then with the bad words, after the articles to Boston and, at the end, people start to make art.
But there was always a cycle of life in their pressures.
And so I started the journey.
And about two years later, about a year later, after a lot of organization and a lot of moving things from one side to another one we had made a couple of things.
One, we take the doors of the safe companies and we get a machine so that TED could communicate -- a machine like Stage Hangles.
Which was great.
And actually, it's the most fun thing -- I call it Santa because I was talking to the guy you get an electric email of him, and you say, "I don't know. This guy is fantastic.
The other thing that we did was to bring seven programs around the world -- -- -- -- -- -- all of the rights of the planet, to our house.
My wife, the kids and I, we moved into the bar of the back and these horses and the programs and the artists and the artists took the control of the house.
A lot of our friends thought that we did something completely excited and that when we would come back and have taken the cars of the walls and in their place.
But for two weeks we went up, we went to the state of Verman, my son was part of my dog as well, and we created this.
It's called "The Western State, Nanopatch, and you can see the describe of it.
They are a couple of balls that we buy in the street state of Venism Benjamin, which is a little bit of corruption and things from Harvard Democratic and Rome Sandy.
We took a Picture Canada, we open it, we put it on a light light and now there is a device that is free -- you build one more -- we put on the financial code -- the software is based on the way.
And we create a device that does not have linked at all.
There is no sense of sure that he says no.
There is no hospital that I can say "No."
Any person with paradigm today has access to draw and communicate using their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much to you. That was important.
So at the end of the two weeks we go back to the TED room.
I love this picture because this is the room of another person and that's your room.
And there was all this block and access during the big interview.
And after more than a year of plastic -- two weeks of programming, the interesting services of all night, Tasmanian came back for the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of their life and it's looking through the support of their life.
We cut the bed to be able to see.
And we put a project on a wall of the hospital.
And he came back for the first time in front of his family and friends -- and you can imagine what was the feeling in the stage.
The funny thing was that we had to walk in the stage so that we feel like we were reading the graph as well.
At the end of this -- he gave us an electric coral, and this was what he told us, "This was the first time I was going on in seven years.
I felt like if I had been under the water and someone finally came to come up and get out of the way I could respond.
It's not wonderful?
In some way that is our war.
That's what makes us in movement.
And we have a long way to go with this.
It's a great device -- but it's the equivalent of a Mall Manhattan.
someone with this artificial potential is a lot more.
That's why we're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and really robot.
So since then we've had all kinds of resources.
We've won a lot of prisons.
And remember, it's grateful, none of us is doing money with this.
All of our own balls.
The price went from the kind of thing, "Oh, this is fantastic.
And it takes a little bit about us and then, at the same time, the Times Times gave us as one of the 50 best invention in 2010, and it was really great.
The best thing about all of this -- and this is what I ended up to close the circle, is that in open of this year at the University of the Muslim in the center of the engineers is going to be an extraordinary called "The Charles.
And "The California in the California, it's going to have the best examples of the urban art of the urban art art, Santa France, Charles, all are going to be there.
TED is going to be in the room, which is quite important.
So basically this is my idea -- if you see something that is not possible -- do possible.
None of the things that there is in this room was possible -- the stage, the mobility, the microbesson, the mission -- nothing was possible in a certain time.
You can do it possible -- anything about this room.
I'm not program -- I never did anything with surgery technology technology -- I just recognize something and I put up with wonderful people to make it happen.
And these are the questions that I want all of us to do every day when we get all the days when we have to do something that we have to do. If it's not now, what?
Thank you.
I have spent the last few years by having a very difficult situation and at the same time.
I went to the critical crime -- hard.
I worked in a little bit of card, dangerous.
Five in areas of war, difficult and dangerous people.
And I spent 30 days starting just this -- fun to the beginning, something hard in the middle -- very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in a large part of my career I've been surprised by the only time with the only goal of trying to try to try to try to try to try and explore social issues in ways that are active, interesting, and of course, you will get them in a way that you see institutions and access for the audience.
So when I knew that I was going to come here to do a TED in the world of the markets and the paper I wanted to do something a little bit different.
So some of you can have heard about it, or not, a couple of weeks ago a anti-man anti-man antibiotics.
And I sent some message in Facebook -- some of them in Twitter -- I heard the rights of the name of the name of my TED Times.
What there was the next thing, "Marco NGOs presented, my TED press that you have no idea what it is to do and continue to explain in the face -- especially if I put it in the right to you or their company to do it.
But he said this, it's a very good medical opportunity for me.
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks?
A lot.
This is a piece in progress.
So even with that room I knew somebody was going to buy the rights of the name.
If you had asked me a year ago, I would not have been able to tell you about celebration.
But in the new film that I'm working on, we looked at the world of the market, of the protection.
And as I said before I said before, I have been sitting in the last few years, but no one could predict me, no one could be applied, for something so difficult or as dangerous as they go into the room with these guys with them.
You see, I had this idea for a movie for it.
Marculary Stopper, I want to make a film that comes out of the products of products -- the market and the protection, and that all the film is end with products of products and private and protection.
The film is going to call the largest moment that the largest finger.
What happens in "The largest morning -- is that all of us in the bottom -- is that all of us in top of the bottom -- in the end of the end, all the time -- from the time that it comes before the television -- the X-ray market.
Now this market, March Steven, the State Center.
These people are going to go to the picture to the personality -- for the time.
And so the film would explain all this idea.
I am a pressure person.
It was probably probably to all of the time.
But we're not just going to have the past of the X-ray from the 1960s in the time, but we're going to make sure to do all the cars that we could in the film.
Maybe you look at a spider and it becomes the most great support that you have used to.
The most cool car that you have taken on the largest moment in the biggest size, the best term that you know, the most big transportation of the biggest finger self-interest.
WK: The idea is as well as a part of life as part of the life, and making them end the film, and you will make the film find, MO: And we actually show the whole process of how it works.
And the goal of the whole film is transportation.
They are going to see all the process in this movie here.
That's the whole idea -- all the film, in the end of the end.
And I would love to help me make it happen.
Robert Francisco, you know, it's thank you because it is the first time I hear that -- is the moment for the audience.
Google, yet I don't know how much religion is going to be people to that.
WK: You have a perspective -- I don't know if "Yes, but you know how it's going to be able to recognize?
MR: A million and a half -- (Mandelas Korea, I think it's going to be hard to be difficult to them, but it's not going to be worth to get a couple of big markets.
WK: Who knows -- maybe for the moment that the film is going to look at us as a lot of grassroons that are going on.
MR: What do you think it's going to be the answer to be the answer.
Steve Rome, most answers will be "No."
MR: But it will be hard to sell it, by the film or to be me?
JS: All right?
MR:   It means that you're not very optimistic.
So, I need to help me, I need help.
MK: I can help.
MR: All right.
MK: We need to think about what makes the markets.
MR: Yes.
MK: We have some places where to go.
MR: I thought that "I was going to come up with the camera -- it means we have a conversation out of microbe.
The camera means we don't want to know anything about your film."
MR: And so it was, one for one for one for one of these kinds of suddenly disappeared.
No one wanted to have anything to do with this movie here.
I was surprised to me.
They didn't want to know anything with this project.
And it was very impressive, I thought that the concept of protection, it was to present the product to so many people as possible.
especially in the world today in the world today and old media and old media and the scenario of secret media -- is that not the idea to tell that new view of attention that is going to take the message to the mass?
No, that's what I thought about.
But the problem was, you see, my idea had a strange error and that mistakes was this.
It was actually not just a bright.
There was no error at all.
This would have been well.
But the problem was what this image.
You see, when you look for images of transportation in Google --        -- this is one of the first images that are going on.
And I like your way to go back to me, Mr. Brazil. No.
So this was the problem -- the transportation, the transition of situation or the self-assembly, you can easily stand on or see -- it's easily supposed to be able to change the vision or access of information, especially in the business process, being the last line perhaps the biggest problem.
You see, we hear a lot about treatment in these days.
Our politicians the name -- the pressure of the name -- the name of the names of the names.
But suddenly when it comes to make it really change something change.
But why do you try to fear --  -- like that open eye that still goes up.
It's primary.                                                                   like this
And it is also very strategy.
What else is it an artist."
I would eat an entire state of Dr. Wikipedia.
That is a lot of profound.
When I began to talk to the companies and tell you that we wanted to tell this story and they said, "No, we want you to take a whole story.
We want you to take a story, but you have a story.
You see, when I was a kid, and my father was going to get me in some sense, and that's him looking at me as I used to do it -- he said, "Hey, there are three side in every story.
It's your story, it's my story, and it's the real story.
As you see, in this film we wanted to tell the real story.
But with just a company -- a company wanted to help -- and that's just because I met John Bond and Richard King of many years -- I realized that I would have to go for my own. I would have to go into the inside and go to the companies with all my team.
So what I started to be able to do about it -- that I started to realize -- is that when you start to become the idea that you have the idea of understanding your husband is a universal problem.
MR: I have friends that make big movies -- huge and other people who make small movies -- interactions, like me.
And my friends who make a lot of great Hollywood, girls, they say the reason that their molecules have so much success is to be the alternative markets that they have.
And then my friends who make individual movies say, "Well, how are we supposed to share with these big, Giller movies of Hollywood."
And the film is called "The largest moment to see."
How are we going to look especially at Bang in the film?
Every time I'm going to go out, every time I open my book, you'll see the distribution Bob.
At any time for an interview with someone I can say, "Is it good for this interview?
Are you right? You see a little bit normal.
I want to help you take you.
Maybe you should put a little bit of this before the interview?
And there I would offer one of these very famous condition.
So "Mother Florida, like "The Parks of the Park, are going to have their opportunity.
We're going to have so much for man as a woman for a woman -- soldier, in barrier, as it is.
That's the general view of it.
Now I can tell you their questions and give them a financial view here.
Kanzi Francisco, we're a small way.
It was similar to the kind of smaller molecules that you tell you -- we are a little bit of a real market.
And so we don't have the budget that they have a lot of managers.
So do things like this, you know, you know, to remember Bangladesh to people is the reason that we're interested in.
MR: What words would you use to describe Bangalore."
Bang is in white one.
KB: That's a big question.
Woman: technology.
MR: technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put in the authority.
Man: Let's talk about something accessible, free.
I think it's a great word that actually put this car into the vision in the vision of the visual position and the surface."
And you keep you.
How do we get a little bit more time -- with better transmission -- over three times a little bit.
So things like those people who have the benefits of them.
MR: And that's a multiple company.
What about me? What about a common type of country?
I need to talk to the man on the street -- people like me, to the common fish.
They have to talk about my barrier.
MR: How do you make your market?
Man: Do my manufacturer?
I don't know.
I like the good grandmother.
Woman: It will take the 80 percent, popular pollution at least that it is given from leadership.
MR: Well, what is the Galaxy Galaxy?
Google, a single thing -- Man: I guess I guess the type of gender that I have would be like a dead colleague.
I like a lot of the dark colors -- a lot of groups and things like this.
And so the general thing you can do is access like cards of sun.
woman -- if you were a market could be a climate consumer -- Mexico Benjamin.
Man: The man I am -- I would call it the cardiac sleep.
woman.
Man: I'm the kind of manufacturers.
I look at places in the country and in the world.
So I guess that's my barrier.
And in my little sector -- that's my barrier.
Man: My husband is Fire because I put the market.
Man: Man: Man freedom, failure.
Is that that?
Audience: I'm a local market.
Tasmanian, I'm Tami.
MR: Well, we don't all be able to be Maria Tom, but often I would often happen in the destruction of dark drawing and "seventh.
I realized I needed an experiment.
I needed someone who could go into my head, someone who could help us understand what they call the marketing party.
And I found a company called Origami Zealand in Parks.
They would help the companies like New, France, Harvard to discover that personal personality.
If you could do it for them, they can still do it for me.
Andrew, I brought the pictures -- right?
MR: Yeah. The first picture is a family picture.
Yeah, as a little bit of how you relate to your thinking and feel your way to be.
MR: These people move my way to see the world.
Yeah, how much of that world.
MR: That world is the world in the world that you live -- as the people who are living, your family, your family, the way you live your life, the work you do.
And all of those things are original and they start in a place and in my case you get up and start in my family in the Western Vietnam.
Yeah, what is the next one you want to talk about.
MR: The next one is the best day of my life.
Yeah, how do you relate to your thinking, feeling and your way to be?
MR: It's like I wanted to be me.
I like different things.
And I like the wonderful things like that. I like the wonderful things.
Yeah, how much of the "bit?
What's the magic?
Why is it important to reach it? What does the red represent?
As a little bit about that.
A little bit more of you, which is not who you are.
What else have you had had?
It doesn't have to be afraid of -- what kind of long manufacture are you?
MIT, "Oh."
Yeah, thank you for your patient.
MR: Yeah, I don't know what's going to go out of this.
There was a lot of light in all this.
Bruno Zealand, the first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different side -- but you know, in your marketing personality, the Marine Marine Marine is a controlled market.
They get very good together.
And I think there's almost a paradigm in them.
And I think some companies will just focus on one of their strong points or in the other instead of focused on both of them.
A lot of companies tend and is the human nature -- to avoid the things that are not sure -- they send the fear -- they send the fear of -- and you actually give them a career and you make something positive for you, and it's nice to see that.
What else are you like this?
The first here is the climate -- Allen here.
And you can see here also here to Taliban, Wikipedia, half of Michael Congressions and Johnson.
Now there are a little bit of leaders and controlled markets, those things that have gone and came out, but a police market is a pretty powerful thing.
MR: A police market. What's your market?
If somebody would ask you to describe your breakthrough identity -- your marketing personality, what would it be?
Are you a streaming attack? Are you somebody who makes the blood flow?
Or are you more a destruction.
A little bit later, responsible, consumer?
The articles are kind of like it will be like the prison to be free like the Prison, control, and authority like Europe Fortune, fast or glass, and democracy, disconnection, magic, magic or music like Galaxy.
Or are you more than a dead access."
Are you aware of so software like 1960.
Are you straight, traditional protection, provider, pressure with Organism?
You are confident, you know, the family, the family, the supermarket, the control or the sense, the disaster or the Darwin, the Darwin or the East."
In the course of this film we had more than 500 companies and straight and destroyed, and they said "No, they didn't want to be part of this project.
They didn't want to have anything to do with this film, mostly because they will not have control on the final product.
They allow us to tell us the story of the neurons, and we got to tell the story in this film of how you use the magic responsibility to identify the center of the desire in the brain so much for the concern for the ceremony.
And we went to San Paris where they have been published by the private air.
In the whole city for the last five years there are no colleagues, there are no cards, there are no vaccines, no volunteers.
And we went to schools in which companies are doing on the schools in the United States in the U.S.
The amazing thing to me is that the projects I've had the biggest answer or that I've had more success are those where I've been interested with things that I've been interested with things.
And that's what they did these markets.
They went into the interfaces, they took their adventures, and they said maybe these engineers don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to treat the art.
I'm going to work with him to create something different, something that is going to do to the people, which is going to challenge the way we look at the world.
And how do you get it? Did they have success?
Well, since the film are going to be in the Forest of Sun, let's take a look at it.
according to Bronx the film is going to be in money, and since then -- and this is not all -- we've had 100 million dollars in the media for this film.
This was just a period of two weeks and a half ago.
That's just in line -- or there is no TV.
The film is still not destroyed.
It's still not line. It's not at all.
It's not even present in other countries yet.
In the last one, this film has already started to make a picture.
And it's not bad because almost all of the action that we talk about is what we were talking about is they won't be part of them.
I've always believed that if you go up, if you take risks -- that in those risks there are opportunity.
I think when you go back to the people of that is putting them into the favorite.
I think that when you train their employees in the risk of the risk of the risk of the risk of the risk to come from research.
I feel that what it has to happen to do is that we have to add the people to get up.
We have to add people to the people who have no fear of the opportunities that you can use them.
In the last day, I think, I think we have to give it to the fear.
We have to put that person in a back.
We open the fear -- we open the risk up.
From a car at the time, we have to open the risk of the risk out.
And in particular, we have to add to transportation.
Now more than a little bit of hours is going to get a long way.
And I said this, with honest and transparency, all of my talk we say the transportation has been present by my good friends in America who by 160,000 bought the rights in East.
EC: becoming great data in large opportunities for companies around the world.
American presented the transportation.
Thank you very much.
John Columbia, so Mars, in the name of the transformation -- that happened exactly with those 1600.
MR: It's an extraordinary question.
In my edge I have a car in the name of the TED organization of TED -- the Saturn Saturn, a chair for 160 to be able to come to my TED assets for the next year.
The idea behind the subject of the Send Sunday is actually very simple.
We don't want Iran to get the nuclear business.
His most active weapons to develop nuclear weapons is the University of U.S. in National.
The black box is that you see are control systems in real time.
If we get to buy these systems that control speed and violence, we can cause a lot of problems with the center.
The green box doesn't use software of Wikipedia, they're a completely different technology.
But if we get to put an effective virus of Wikipedia in a police of the police of the understanding for an engineering to get this giant box -- then we are ready at the time.
This is the plan behind Steven.
We started with a Wikipedia institution.
And the ocean goes to the gravity box -- it gives us the center, and the nuclear program will go up with it is developed, my missional mission.
It's easy.
I want to tell you how we discovered this.
When we started to research about six months ago, the purpose was completely discovered.
The only thing that was known is that it's very, very complex at the part of the Wikipedia, the industry used a little bit of doctors down.
It seemed like I want to do something with these gravitational box systems, these control systems.
That called us the attention -- and we started an experiment in which we identify our environment with Saturday and we saw what happened with this.
So they spent very strange things.
Steve was made as a lab of lab that he didn't like our design, but I didn't want to eat it.
I had no sense for me.
And then to experience with different streams of design, I realized -- and I thought, this is a disappearing attack.
It's completely disappearing.
The industry is looking at the gravity box if you find a specific control, and even if the program that's trying to identify is especially working on that place.
If no, Steve doesn't do anything.
So that called my attention -- and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought, "We don't know what the goal.
It could be, let's say for example, an energy plant of the United States, or a chemical plant in Germany.
better.
And so we went up and we put up the car code -- and we found that I was structure in two digital arms.
We also saw that they were very likely for people who obviously had all the international information.
They know all the points that I will do.
You probably even know how much of the colleague is.
So you know everything.
And if you have heard that Sendhan institution is complex and high technology, let me tell you -- the car is very complex to you.
It's very close to everything we have seen before.
Here you see a show of this article code here.
We're talking about about 15 thousand lines of code here.
It looks pretty much the old antibiotic language.
I want to tell you how we could find sense to this code here.
What we were looking at at the beginning were called the functions of the system, because we know what they do.
And then we were looking at terrible and data, and we tried to relate to the real world, with the real world.
We need teachers about destructions that we can test or describe.
In order to get up on the goals, we remember that it is definitely a visual coral, it has to be a visual white white -- and it's still used in Iraq because it's where most of the institutions has been recorded.
They don't find a number of people in that area.
It basically comes to the nuclear energy plant of Bush and the planet of National New National planet.
And so I said to my antibiotics, "I take a list of all of the experts of all of the experts and plants of energy between our cars?
They call them and it turned them into an effort to get their experience with what we found in code and data.
And it works pretty well.
So we were able to put the little digital eye with the control of the robot.
The robot is that mobile part within the center, that black object you see.
If you look at the speed of this story, you certainly can put it up and even make the control control.
What we also saw is that the goal of the car was to make it slow and pick up in an obvious obvious to go back to the engineers of fear -- so that they couldn't solve this quickly.
So we try to reduce the digital digital ocean by looking very close to the data and their structure.
So for example, the number 135 dollars in that code -- you can't hear it.
I started to get a scientific list about how these students are built in National and found that they are structure in what's called a career, and every single thing it comes up with about 160 dollars.
That had sense, there was a conversation.
And it gets better yet.
These focus in Iraq are available in 15 parts called states.
And guess what we found in the code of artist."
A almost identical structure.
So again, that was a good conversation.
This gave us a lot of trust to understand what we had between hands.
So there is no memory, it wasn't like this.
The results have been made after several weeks of hard work.
We usually ended up in the back and we had to go back to it.
Even so, we found that both digital oceans were going to take a only and very obsessed, but from different nations.
And the small eye is taking a care, and making the robots and bringing them up, and the big ocean is community with six stars and making violence flight.
We are very aware of that we have shown what the distribution is.
It's National -- and it's just National.
We don't have to worry about some of us that other objects are connected by Steve.
So here I show you a few very interesting things that we saw -- they really got me.
There is the green box -- and you can see the centers.
What this thing is to do is to interact the values of the sensors for example, for example, from the pressure of pressure and the service sensors and they have a legal code -- which still explore during the attack, with failure data.
And I grew up or not, these data data is made by Steven.
It is like in the Hollywood movies where it is in the Hollywood, the surface of security was food in the rest of the survey in the country.
Is it great.
And the idea here is obviously not only to go to the corruptions in the fourth of control.
It's actually a lot more dangerous and a lot more dangerous.
So the idea is to run a digital security system.
We need digital security systems.
For example, in an energy plant -- when the great source of value is going on and they have to open out of speed in a million.
Now obviously this can't make it a human.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when they are, then you can spend bad things.
The plant can explain it.
And you don't hear the security system to get it.
That allows.
But it can be worse.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this. This attack is great.
It doesn't have anything to see, especially with centers, with consumer intention.
It could work as well, for example, in an energy plant -- or in a complete factory.
It's great.
And you don't have a piece of antibiotics, which is going to design this letter with a U.K. car as we saw in the case of Steven.
You can also use a conventional technology to get it.
It will do it as possible.
And if you do that, with what you would end up is with a magnetic distribution of a massive structure.
That's the connection that we need to focus on.
Unfortunately, the biggest number of objects for such a state is not in the Middle East
It's in the United States and in Japan.
All the green areas are space with a lot of goals.
We have to face the consequences and better that we start to go right now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Richard, it has been public in many side of the people that people used to be the main thing behind this.
What is your operation?
Robert Landier, OK, really want to hear this?
Yeah. Okay.
My choice is that the Mount is invented, but the engine is not Island.
This is the motor behind this is the cell surgery.
There is a single one, and that's the United States and so on.
Because in the other hand, our problems would be even bigger than it.
CA: Thank you for reading. Thank you, Rome.
I want you to imagine a robot that you can take up and I have a sub-Saharan skills -- or another one that makes sure you use substances and they go back and go back.
In "Break Bills we call these robots -- explorations.
They are not different from something that gets in the morning, it gives you a great force -- which is also going to be a great force -- which is also involved by your speed -- and he helps him, for example, to improve the balance.
It's actually the real interaction of man and the machine.
But not only that -- you can get it in and connect it with the universe and with other outside entities.
This is not an amazing idea.
In order to show you now what we're working on is what we're working on to talk about the American soldiers that, in average, it must take up on their spin a 45 pounds -- and it's going to take it even more team.
Now obviously this leads to some important companies -- legs in the space, in the 30 percent of the soldiers -- with school crisis.
We decided to control this challenge and create an expert that could help us to improve the world.
Let me just introduce you the HIV -- or by the United States.
Soldier, with the HIV experience I can give you 90 kilometers by a lot of several hours for many hours.
His fundamental design -- let me put it up in cards to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get a lot of anti-portant.
I think what I want to do, or where I want to go, and then I put my force and my responsibility.
Edin Benjamin, we are ready with our industrial society, to produce this device -- this new exploration, this year.
That is a reality.
So let's go back to a look at the users of the substance states, about what I feel particularly applicated.
There are 70 million people on the ground of graphics, all over the world.
Like one percent of the total population.
And this is actually a really short career.
We talk about something that happens with freedom, people who are very young -- with data in the early colleague that when you start their life -- at the age of 20 or 40 years -- they go against a death and the speed of the groups it turns out to be their only choice.
And we also talk about the population that it takes it up.
His only choice -- a lot of times -- by a brain list or some other compassion -- it's the summer of the grandmothers.
And this has been like this for the last 500 years, from the state of the application -- as I should recognize it.
So we decided to start to write a new company on mobile.
Let me introduce you the Electricity that is using Maria Bang who was using 18 years ago I had a list in the virtual colleague, and as a result I couldn't walk for 18 years, until now.
Allen Bond, thank you.
DP: American is using our Chinese, that I mentioned it.
It has a few senses.
It's completely not involved in the music that send signals to the computer of the bottom in the sandwich.
There are a few bacteria that give them energy in the countries, and in the rooms, and they do it with this supply and very nature.
AB: I was 24 years in the top of my life when I was going on in the air.
In a sense of second, I lost all feeling and all of the drugs in the bottom down.
A little bit of time later, a doctor went into my room in the hospital in the hospital.
That happened about 18 years ago.
So I went down to the last piece of hope of my be.
The activist technology since then, it has allowed me to learn how to stay down in the state, and you can even move up in a hand.
But they haven't invented anything that allows me to walk up, until now.
Thank you.
DP: As you can see, we have the technology, we have the particles to sit and talk to you.
It's in our hands -- and we have all the potential here to change the life to future future -- not just soldiers -- not just soldiers -- but to America, and all of the use of seats of grandmothers, all of them.
AB: Thank you.
I just come back from a community that has the secret of human survival.
It's a place where women have the battery, they pay sex to say, and the game is the order of the day -- where diversity is a serious thing.
And no, it's not the failure of the Martin Red or San Africa.
Ladies and gentlemen, you know how to make their own.
So this is the world of the search boats of Congress.
You know, the boats are together with the chimpanzees, their most close living people.
That means that we all share a common transmission -- an evolutionary entrepreneur, which lived about six million years ago.
Now, the kids are known by their adventure.
But unfortunately, we've done too much storytelling in this aspect of human evolution.
But the boats show us the other side of the mountain.
And as the kids are disappeared by the big types of great, the sound society is going to be in love of females with power.
These guys have created something special -- because this leads to a very useful society where the moral violence has still not looked like.
But by the way, the boats are the less understanding of the big similarities.
They live in the development of the control of the control -- and it's been very difficult to study them.
The code is a paradigm, a land of biological and beauty -- but also the heart of the texture of the size -- which has a visual conflict that has been produced by decades and cause almost as many death as the world's first World war.
It's not to strange that this distribution is also going to put in the supply of the boat.
The beginning of carbon and the definition do that you can't get to be able to take a study with the boats that are in the world, and unfortunately, we're not sure of it.
However, in this land of violence and cars you can hear the rise of the trees by making the trees.
Who are these prisoners?
We know them as the silks "Look love -- not the war -- because they have sex sex and biological and biological to make conflict and solve social problems.
I'm not saying that this is the solution to all the problems of humanity given that the life of the boats is more than the Karlar Sun.
At the bottles, like humans love to play the long of all their life.
It's not just a game game.
For us and for them the game is fundamental to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
With him we learn to trust it, and we learn the rules of the game.
The game increase the creativity and responsibility and it has to do with the generation of diversity diversity -- diversity of behavior diversity -- diversity of connections of connections in it.
And when you look at the black game.
The game is the price that we do.
I don't know how you play you, but I want to show you a couple of unique videos taken out of the silence of the silence.
First of all, it is a little bit of stage state -- and I don't talk about forest.
So here we have a female and a young man in the middle of a perspective.
Look what is doing it.
It could be the evolution of the freedom, the store of the paradigm?
I just think that I think in this case I love it, right?
Yeah.
So the sexual game is common as well as in humans.
And this video really is interesting because it shows -- this video really is interesting because it shows the invention of making the increased elements of the game -- the teams, and also how the game requires trust and provided the control, and at the same time it's the most fun.
But the game.
The game is political -- it can make a lot of ways -- some of which are more criminal, imagination, maybe the place where it comes to the approach.
And I want you to see you -- this is Ford, a young man who is playing with water water.
I think, like it, sometimes we play only -- and we explore the limits of our inside in the inner and outside of our inner world.
And this is that political culture that we care about to explain to you, and then the intelligent conditions that we form are the real number of creativity of creativity to us.
These are just little shows of the understanding that the books give us from our past and present it.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future in which we have to give us a world more and more difficult and more cognitive and more cooperation.
The secret is that the game is the key of these capabilities.
In other words, the game is our adventure company.
In order to give us a success to a world that we have to play.
But we're going to go to the top of the player of game?
The game is not free.
The game.
For boats and humans by the way, life is not just critical and democracy.
When you look at the less likely to play -- you can be the moment that it is the most unit.
And so you know, the principles, we apply this generation of evolution and we play together as we find the creativity and the family and the approach.
Thank you.
In New York I'm responsible for an organization of an organization called Robert House.
When I'm not eating the poverty.
And in our city, where you can get them to a very short personal person you have to get to the place of the very soon to go into action.
I remember my first influence.
I was the second fly in the site so that I had a pretty high chance to go.
But still there was a car on the other hand, to get into the cars to get up and figure out what our task was.
And when I found the capital, I was sitting in a conversation with the purpose that no longer would go on one of the worst days of his life.
We were at first night, she was standing out out on the lab, under a paradigm, in a leg, and he was in his home as his house was in called calls.
The other video that I just got before I was going to get before I -- called Liberia Line,   I got first to the career and this was asked to go and save the dog of the home.
The dog -- I was just saying.
And there was a ball or a lot of money that, during the rest of his life, I would have to tell people that I walked into a building in call to save a living being only because I got for five seconds.
Well, I was the next one.
The capital made me a activist.
He said, "Beings, I need that between the house.
I need it to go up, and I put it up to this woman a couple of shoes.
I went up.
It was not exactly what I would expect but I went out, and I went up with the screens, at the end of the space, happened to the real balls that at that heart or less they had been able to apply the fire and go into the main fourth for a couple of shoes.
I know what you're thinking, but I'm not a hospital.
I took my car back to the school where I met my News and the process in the main door in the main door in the principle.
We went out of the house for the top of the house of home where it was to wait for it, and you get a lot more attention than me.
A few weeks later, I got a letter from the top of the home handled by the foreign effort to save their house.
The possibility that she looked at about the other thing was that somebody had been able to get a couple of shoes.
And so much in my vision in Robert House as in my vision as a volunteer book I'm kind of active of generation and activity in a massive scale -- but also from the moral scale and collective to the individual level.
And you know what I've learned ...
It all has its important.
So when I look at this room to people who have done, or they are about to do -- or they are about to get up, and they are going to be able to remember this -- you don't want to remember this.
They don't wait to win the first million to make the difference in the life of somebody else.
If you have something to give you, you do it now.
They had food in a common, they take a piece of the neighborhood.
They are mental.
Not every day we're going to have the opportunity to save the life of someone but every day we're going to be able to influence the life of somebody else.
So they go into the game -- they go out the shoes.
Thank you.
Bruno God, Mars March, Garden.
Martin Benjaming, thank you.
This can seem strange -- but I'm a great language of the conference battery.
And the first conference bacteria were made in 1960, with a very simple idea of a very simple idea of a small measure that they were able to go into each other.
Very quickly, these became the most used building in the world.
They have allowed us to build things bigger than us, as buildings or business, a street at the time.
And essentially these bacteria have become the papers of our time.
And almost a couple of years later, in 19th to LED was happening this.
It's called a complete automobile card.
And in a few years, the United States came to every home.
And you have become more than 400 billion or 75 miles per person on the planet.
You don't have to be engineering to build beautiful behaviors, buildings or home.
Liberia did it access.
Let me just give you the control battery, the favorite in the world, and it became a fundamental piece of our imagination.
And as so much as that same year, in the last year, the next revolution was at the point of an antibiotics, the new building business.
The train was a small unit of plastic that would take us from a world of statistical states that are going to take us a few other people to a world where all of it was international.
At the same thing like the conference balloon, the train allows us to create a lot more and more complex and more complex to the time.
But there is a primary difference -- the train was just for experts for them.
I don't think about it, that the building bacteria of our time are responsible to the experience, so I decided to change it.
eight years ago, when I was in the Middle State, I started to explore the idea of taking the power of the engineers to the hands of the artists and designers in the articles.
A few years ago, I started to develop signs.
I'm going to show you how they work.
Silent people are electric models every one with a specific function.
They are ready to be light, sound and sensors.
And the best thing about all of you is that they get up in the ways.
So you can't put it in a wrong way.
The limits have a color code here.
The green is the room, the blue is the coral, the reason is the correlation and the colleague color is the air.
So you just have to make a blue with one green and very quickly you can start to make a lot of greater circumstances.
A blue with one green produce light.
We can put a forest in the middle and so we have a record.
If we change the forest for a police cell -- which is here, and now we have an entire light.
We took this top to create more impact and we have a noise machine.
I'm going to stop this.
And so beyond the simple game -- the sites are actually very powerful.
Instead of having to protect it, it will be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to program using very simple.
In order to make it faster or faster -- you just get this forest that makes the police be faster or more light.
The idea behind them is that it is a growing conversation.
We want all of the institutions in the world to get up in the world listeners to use.
You know, sounds solar, models, everyone must be accepted.
We've given kids to the kids to see them with them.
And it's been an amazing experience.
The best thing is how they start to understand the electricity of every day that doesn't learn in school.
For example, how it works a night light -- or why the door of a anti-portion is moving open or how a language respond to the time.
We have also taken signals to design.
So for example, the designers without experience is going to start to play with signs like a materials.
So here you can see, with paper balls and factory, we have General creating.
(Music medical --  -- a few weeks ago, we got straight to the design of the design of Real Island, which they don't have experience at all.
So here's an example of a project that you've done -- a little bit of conflict that has been done.
But I mean, here's my favorite project.
This is a little bit of plastic that has fear of the device.
So for these not engineers -- blocks became another materials, the electricity became another materials.
And we want this material to be the animation of all.
And so it has open code for it.
You can see the website.
We want to add a world of creativity, research and colleagues because this world where we live on, this international world is us.
And so you go up and get it up.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you about what I'm going to talk to you about today.
I work in the solar technology.
And my little company is looking for the media to be able to get into the media in the consumer world.
It is the distributed color.
This is a little video of what we do.
Man.
You can stop a little bit in carrying.
We can. We can continue better left to one side.
No.
This is not it.
All right.
The solar technology is.
Oh, is it going to take me the time.
All right. Thank you very much.
A couple of years ago, a couple of years ago, and it took the best designers to get the best designers and work in an environment that represents almost everything that is supposed to do -- we asked them to work in the government.
The institution is called "The American form of America and they would be like a Park Park for technologies.
We send some members every year, and we put them to work with mobile.
Instead of taking them to the third world we put them into the mosquito world.
They made a lot of applications, they worked with the mobile employees.
His task is to show the possibility of the current technology.
You know about it.
This is a story of the city of Boston.
Here it looks like if I would look at a quote -- but what it really looks for is that someone else is going to be attacked by the night because you know that it's not very good by making them not really nice when it's covered by a piece of nine percent.
How is it going to ask to help this way so simple?
Last year, we had a team of Microsoft members for America.
They were there, and at that time I had a lot of last year.
And they realized that the city never happened to be able to get these stores.
But one of the members called Egypt Michael noticed something else -- that the citizens were going on with backs in front of them.
So he made a little bit of a good program -- I developed a application.
It is a little bit of an attention that you can add a story.
You are going to be able to figure it up when you go.
When you do that, you put a name -- in this case I put it.
If you don't do it, someone can do it.
I mean, it has a political company.
It's a modern attention.
Maybe it is the little age of the age of the age of the age of the last year.
But it does something that none of the other technologies of the government.
And it looks like a visual way.
A responsibility of the city of the Higgs city to see that I could use it that I could use it, not for the day, but so that the citizens are getting signals of the topic of it.
It is very important that they work these signals of text, but people are running up the baby.
So I asked the citizens to control them.
And then Rome decided to use it to make citizens leave up the designers dead.
And China just put it up to make people come back to clean them when you never go.
So now we know about new cities that plan to use it.
And this has gone up with no favorite and natural and natural way.
If you know a little bit of the government technology you know that this doesn't happen.
The software of software is a couple of years.
Last year in Boston we had a team working on a project that would remember three people for two months and a half months.
It was a tool for the parents to choose the best public school for their children.
And then they told us that we have done by the normal careers would have taken at least two years and cost about two million dollars.
And that's not anything.
Now there is a project in the collective power of California that until the moment has spent 200 million dollars and it doesn't work.
And there are projects like this in every level of government.
And so an approach that was program in a couple of days and it goes up in a visual way that it is a subject of anti-portion to the government of the government.
It turns out the best way to work -- not like in private companies as a lot of people think it should be.
Not as a technology, but more like the Internet.
I mean, without restaurants, in the open way and general.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this attention is that it represents the way to address the question of the government that has the new generation -- not as a problem of an institutional institution, but as a social action problem.
And that's very good because it turns out that we're very good for collective action with digital technology.
And there is a very large community of people who are building the tools so that we work together with effective together.
And it's not only "Back for America, but there are hundreds of people in the country that they connect with climate applications every day in their own communities in their own community.
They have not given up with the government.
They feel a great factory to that, but they don't get it, they get it.
And these people know something that we've lost from view.
And that is that if we leave the feelings about political people, the picture at the Pole Parks, and all of those other things that put us together, the government is, the government is, in the words of Times Rome, what we do together because we can only can't do it.
Now, a lot of people have taken the government.
If you are one of those people, I would ask you to recognize it, because things are change.
The policy doesn't change -- the government know.
And given that the government in the last stage of us, remember that of us, the people?
I didn't know a lot of government when I started with this.
And as a lot of people thought that the government is going to be able to choose people to get careers.
Well, after two years I've come to the conversation that the government is about all of all, a matter of cards.
This is the center of sexual attention and information.
This is the place that you can call the called 1850 in the U.S.
This is what I did is called this called this called this called this called the California.
I got "The "Strains in the back of Western knowledge.
I didn't find anything. I started with animal control.
And I finally said, "Hey, you can open the door of the house, put a good death and see if you get it?
And it works. So well for School.
But that wasn't the end of the charges.
Bond does not have a call called the called the called a call called the called the career.
It has a device, website and mobile called "The Congression Congress.
We don't program that attention.
It was the work of very smart people in the New University of New Brown British.
One day, this was really going to come up with this design, "The "Strain in my battery car. I don't know if it's dead.
How do I do to drive it?
The Democratic Development device is different.
I was talking about person.
In "The Congress Congress, everything is public -- so you can all see this.
In this case, I saw it a neighbor.
The next thing he said, "I go up to the place, I found the battle of battle behind the house.
Zero?
I went back the course. I went home.
Good night, disappearing collection.
It's pretty simple.
This is great. It's the concept of the digital and the physical thing.
And it's also a great example of the government of the government of the government to the distribution of the distribution of the distribution to the distribution of the distribution of the distribution.
But it's also a great example of government as a platform.
And here I don't necessarily mean to the technology.
I talk about a platform for people to be used and help others.
So, a city helped another but the government had a key role in a classroom.
I put two people.
And I could have connected with the government services of being necessary but the number is a better alternative and more based on the government services than the government services of it.
When a voice helps another one, we put the communities.
If we call the animals, that costs a lot of money.
One important thing that we have to think about government is that it's not the same thing as politics is not the same thing as politics is not the same thing as politics is not the same thing as politics is not the same thing as politics is not the same thing as politics is not the same thing as politics is not the same thing as politics is not
A lot of people understand it, but you think one is the entrepreneur of the other.
That our government to the government system.
How many times have you come to a political leader -- sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader and then we hope that the government represents our value.
That is because the government is like an enormous ocean and the politics is the surface of the top of the 15-year-old.
That's why we call the blood corner.
And we say that word with a lot of depression.
But this is what it knows is that we have to think of that that we have a little bit of that we end up in our against it, that other thing, and we are losing the power.
People believe that politics is similar.
If we want this infrastructure to work that we have to have to make it be sensitive.
Because this is where the real work of government.
We have to put it with the government.
That makes the U.S. movement.
Have you seen them?
This is a group of concerned citizens that have written a very difficult distribution of 32 pages in response to the design of the States of Valley of the financial resource project.
That is not political activities -- it's accurate activity.
And for the ones that we've done to the government, it's time for us to ask us what world we want to leave our children.
You have to see the huge challenges that they will have to face.
Do you really believe that we are going to get where we have to go with the institutions that can act in the name of it?
We can not be able to produce it, we need to be more effective for it.
The good news is that with technology is possible to be able to remember the function of government so that it can experience the civil society.
There is a generation that grew up with the Internet and knows that it's not so hard to act together, you just have to add the systems in the right way.
The average age of our members is 20 years old, so I am a larger generation that many of them.
This is a generation that has grown up by taking the word and giving that almost by sense.
They're not giving that bacteria that we all face about who is going to talk about, everyone will talk about.
They can express their choices in any side at the same time and they do.
So when you face the government problem doesn't matter a lot to make their voices look like.
They're using your hands.
They put hands to the work to program the approach to be able to work better.
And they allow us to use the hands to improve our communities.
It can be listening to a story, by taking a lot of balls, by taking a piece of bacteria that has a collaboration inside it.
And of course, we could always have changed those stores and a lot of people do it.
But these applications are as digital resources that we are not only aware of it, we're not only a government of government that we pay pollen and we get services and we get services to us.
We are more than that, we are cities.
And we're not going to fix the government until we don't take the city.
So I want to ask all the present people, when it's about the important things that we have to do together, all of together, will we be a lot of voices -- or we will also be a minister of hands.
Thank you.
This is for me a real honor to me.
I have spent most of the time in crimes, prisons and in the death of death.
I've spent most of my life in marketing communities in projects and places where there's a lot of design.
And I will be here at TED looking at and learning these studies have given me a lot of energy.
One of the things I've noticed in this short time -- is that TED has identity in it.
And the things that they say here have impact all over the world.
In authorities, if something comes from TED, it has a sense and a force that would not have another way.
I say this is because I think the identity is really important.
So here we have seen very fantastic principles.
And I think we've learned that the words of a teacher can have a lot of sense, but if you teach sense, you can have a special meaning to it.
A doctor can do good things, but if it is a corruption, it can get a lot more.
This is why I want to talk about the power of identity.
I didn't really learned this in the right of the right, my work.
I learned it from my grandmother.
I grew up in a traditional house of an American family by a man, which was my grandmother who was me.
It was hard -- I had a power.
It was the last word in the family.
She started a lot of discussions in our home.
It was a child of people who had been expanding.
His parents were born in the scale in Viston about 1950.
She was born about 1960, and his experience with the energy as I saw the world.
She was hard -- but it was also love as well.
When I was a small and I looked at it and she looked at me and he was going to get a good heart.
I was so strong that I was so strong that I could be able to break up and then I went out.
One or two hours later, I went back to look at me, and I was going to look at me, and he said, "Be standing on my head?
And if he told him no, I would go back and if he said yes, I was left in peace.
I had this human quality that makes you always want to be close to it.
The only problem is that I had 10 children.
My mother was the less than 10 percent.
In corals, when I was going to spend a time with it, it wasn't easy to take his time and his attention.
My first few were running around all over them.
I remember when I was eight or nine years old, I went to the room, I went to the room and there they were running up all of my own.
My grandmother was at the other side of the room and I looked at me.
At the beginning I thought it was a game.
And so I looked at it and she said, but she was very serious to it.
After 15 or 20 minutes, she went down the room, she took my hand out of the hand and he said, "You see Brazil.
I remember this as if it was there.
I will never forget it.
It took me outside and he said, "Be "Free, you will tell you something, but you can't tell anybody to somebody.
I said, "It's good, Mary?
She said, "You know, you don't do it, I said, "I said, "Hey!
Then I sat down, and he said, "I want you to know that I've been looking at you.
And he said, "I think you're special.
He said, "I think you can do what you want.
I will never forget it.
Then he said, "I just want you to give me three things, Brazil."
I said, "So, Mary" Mars."
And he said, "The first thing I want you to ask you is they always want your mother, you always want your mother."
And said, "This is my spider, and you have to predict that the careers.
As I came up with my mother, I said, "Yes, Martin, this is how to do it.
And then he said, "The second thing I want you to do is you can always do the right thing that the right thing is difficult.
I thought about it, and I said to him, "Yes, Martin.
Then he finally said, "The third thing I want you to ask you is that I would never be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to not be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
I was nine years old, and I said, "Yes, Martin, this is how to do it.
I grew up in the field -- in the rural dream -- I have a beautiful year and a beautiful year a year.
When I was 14 or 15 -- one day my brother came home with a single silence of six cents -- I don't know where I did it, I would get to my brother and me and we went to the forest for me.
We just got to do the language languages.
He took a piece of colleague, he offer my sister -- she took a little bit and they gave me.
I said, "No, no, no, no, you're going on, but I'm not going to take a control.
My sister said, "Well, today, I do it. And you always do the same thing as us.
I already took something, your sister is a balloon.
I said, "No, I'm not going to feel good. You can follow.
Then my brother looked at me.
He said, "What happens to you? It takes a control."
I would take it up with a force and control, "Oh, not that you're still thinking about the conversation with Mars.
I said, "But what are you talking about.
He said to each other to all the girls that are special."
I was done.
I have to add something to you.
I'll tell you something that you probably shouldn't say.
I know this is going to be dependent up.
But I have 25 years and I can guess that I have never taken a car car.
I don't say this is a viruses. I say it for the power that has the identity of it.
When we create the right kind of identity -- we say things to the other that they don't really see it.
We can't get to do things that you don't believe to do.
I think I think my grandmother normally believed that all of his girls were special people.
My grandmother had been ready during the prison.
My three of them died of diseases with the card.
And these were the things that we have to do with it -- we had to get them.
Now, to try to talk about our personal justice system.
This country is today very different than it was 40 years ago.
It had been about 300 dollars.
Today, there are two million dollars.
In the United States we have the biggest rate of the world.
We have seven million people in condition in conflict.
And this market exploration, in my view, has changed our world.
In poor communities or black communities -- you find so much destructive, so much destruction, they have done by these fact.
One of three black black between the 18 and the 30 years is in the prison or in a conflict clinic.
In the urban communities of all the country, the Angeles, Brazil, Brazil, Walker, 50 to 60 to 60 percent of every young color of color are in the prison or in a conflict clinic.
Our system is not just destroyed in front of the room, as well as the poverty.
In this country we have a collective system that makes you much better if you're rich and classical, that if you're poor and increased.
It is not clear, but it doesn't matter what the results.
And it seems like we feel very critical.
The police of fear and the future makes us believe that these are not our problems.
We're described.
It seems interesting.
We are looking at our work in our work a little bit of the dreams.
In my state in Alan, as well as in other states -- you have to be able to find out if you have a piece of a personal condition.
Right now in Alan, 35 percent of the black population has lost the right to the view.
And if we put it back to the next 10 years, the average level of rights will be as excited as it was before it was before the law of the right.
So we have this simple sensory.
I represent children.
Many of my creatures are very young people.
The United States is the only country in the world where you feel at the age of 13 years to die.
We have in this critical country for kids -- no possibility to go up with it.
Now we are in the process of a little bit.
The only country in the world.
I remember people in the death of death.
This is a death of death is interesting.
In a certain sense, you've taught us to think that the final question is, people want to die for the concerns compared?
A very serious question.
But you can think about another way about how we are in our idea.
There is another way of looking at it -- it's not about saying if people want to die by the concerned crimes, but if we want to kill us.
This is interesting.
The death of death in the United States is defined by error.
In every nine personal people, it has been identify one which is an amazing thing that is extraordinary and freedom of the death of death.
And a strategic rate of error, an increase of every nine percent.
This is interesting.
In order it doesn't allow us to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to discover if every nine percent of them would be starting to be starting.
But in some way we get out of the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our car.
It's not our street.
I talk a lot about these things.
I talk about race and this issue of if we want to kill it.
It's interesting that in my cases with students about American story, I talk about the statement.
I talk about the temperatures, the time that I started at the end of the resource and it goes up to the second World War, the world.
We don't know a lot about this.
But for the black Americans in this country, it was a little bit defined by the terror.
In many communities people had fear of being careful.
They were worried about being barely.
The end of the fear was what his lives.
Now there are more people who are going on and they say to me and they say to me -- Mr. Steve, you gave you talk -- doctors. He gave the people who stop saying that in our story we did for the first time with terrorists, after 1960.
They asked me to say, "No, I say we grow with that.
And the age of the temperatures -- obviously with the search and decades of survival and secret supply.
In this country we have a dynamic that we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And this is why we haven't understood the meaning of what we've been done.
All of the time we have each other.
We also create tensions and conflicts.
It costs us to talk about relationships. I think it's because we're not willing to buy with a process of real and relationship.
In South Africa, people understood that you could not be able to be able to get the blood service without the truth.
In Rome, even before the genome had this compassion, but in this country we haven't done it.
I was in Afghanistan by giving us about the death of death.
It was fascinating because one of the teachers will go after my present and said, "You know that it's good to listen to what you say, you know.
And Alexander, we don't have a death of death in Germany.
We will never have to have this here?
The room went out and a woman said, "You don't have any way with our story, we could be able to be able to stay in the social death of human beings.
It would be extraordinary that we care about us, including and depressed, we would be able to explore people.
They think about this.
How would we feel in a world where a nation like Germany, would get to people, especially if they were in their most places?
We could not take it.
It would be.
And yet, there is this discovery.
I think our identity is in dangerous.
If we actually don't worry about these things that are so difficult -- the positive things and wonderful things are -- but you know, you don't get impressive.
We love innovation.
We get the technology. We put the creativity out.
We love the intelligence.
But finally, those reality. Those reality is involved by the surprise, the audience, the distribution disaster.
In my view, it is need to interact both things.
We finally talk about the need to have more hope.
I think that wants to spend more time thinking about and talking about the poor -- the search -- the ones that will never get to TED.
Think about them is, in a way, something that is within our be.
It's really true that we have to believe in issues that we haven't seen it.
This is what we're going to do is to be so relative, so complicated with the intelligence.
With creativity with creativity -- the development comes not just from brain ideas.
These things come from all of these things that are made by the heart of the heart.
This connection of mind with the heart is what we care about is not only the brilliant and distributed, but also in the dark and the hard.
College Harry, the great leader -- I talked about this.
He said, "When we were in Europe, we were in South Europe. We had all sorts of things, but basically what we needed was hope -- original for the spirit, a fly for being in the signals and being teachers.
Well, that organization for the spirit is basically in the heart of what I think, even in communities like TED -- you have to get them.
There is no relationship with technology and design -- that allows us to be really humans if we don't put the attention to the poverty of the poverty to the environment, to the democracy, to the discovery.
Now I want to thank you that these thinking.
We're going to find them.
And I had the great private, being a very young party, to know Robert Parks.
These women are just going to talk to you.
So of course, the Google Charle called me to say, "Be "The balloon particular barrel.
You want to come and hear?
I said, "You know. I don't want to.
And so she said, "Well, what do you do when you get to get to go?
I said, "I would say.
So I went and I just heard them.
It was a very smart thing.
And in one thing I was there, I heard these days, and after a couple of hours -- the Mr. Paris went to me, and he said, "Well, Brazil, I think it's that idea of the equipment of the equipment of the equipment.
How much you are trying to do.
And I started to give my distribution.
I said, "Well, we're trying to deal with the intention.
We try to help the ones that have been constructed in the way.
We try to control the privates and the distribution in the adventure of the personal automobile.
So we try to go with the sense of life, without a conflict for children.
We try to do something about the death of death.
So we try to reduce the population in crimes.
We try to go with the moral statements.
I gave it all my best distribution and I would end up looking at me and said, "You know, Marcus man.
And he said, "You would be looking at a very low state."
At that time, the Mr. Carro gets into the face on the face and he said, "It's why you have to be very much but very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very back.
I think in reality, the TED community has to be much more.
We have to find the way that we have to face those challenges -- those problems -- that surprise.
Because finally the humanity depends on the compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been education.
I've come to understand and believe that every one of us is surrounded to the worst thing we have been discovered.
I think that's true for everybody in the planet.
I am convinced that if someone says a mentor, it's not because it's a metaphor.
I am sure if someone takes something that doesn't think about it, it's not that it's a leg.
Even if someone killed each other, it's not that it is a state.
This is why I think there's a basic decision in people who must be responsible by the law.
I also believe that in many parts of this country, and yet in many parts of the world, I put it to poverty is not the right.
That's what it is.
I really think that in many parts I put it into the poverty is the automobile.
And finally, I think that even though it is very difficult -- very beautiful, very strange, very strange, we're not going to get out of our technology, for our design, not for our intellectual ability or relative.
At the end of a society, it's not the way you treat the rich, not the way you treat the rich and powerful and the form of the way they treat the poor, the consumers -- the pressures.
Because it's in this context as we started to understand really profound issues about what we are.
I feel a distribution to me. I'm going to end with a story.
Sometimes I do too much.
And I keep controlled, like all.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my reason in a very important way.
I've been reading these kids who have been sitting with a lot of direction.
And I go to the school and I see my 13 and 14 years old, who have been used to get them as an adults to them.
And I start thinking, how can it be?
How can a game become someone in what isn't it?
And the game is going on as an idea, but I see a child.
A very late night I was willing to think about -- by God, if the game can become something that you don't are, you have to have magic power.
Yes, Brazil, the game has magical power.
You should ask some of that.
As it was very late -- I couldn't think about right, but I started working in a music.
I had a 14 years old, a little planet, black business.
I started working on the music, with a horizon that he said, "Marcus so that my black black clinic is being treated as a private biological biology of a control of a colleague.
In the music I put that there was been working in the accident, in the behavior.
There was a limit line about how in this country there is no antibiotic, but all of a little bit of time.
At the next morning I was interested by thinking about that music mathematician would be a dream or really write?
For my horizon, I didn't just have it received it, but he had sent it to the court.
They spent about two months -- I had found it.
And then I finally decided -- I have to go to the car for this state case.
I went up to the car and I felt really cool, open up.
I was in the car in the car.
I thought this would be very difficult and personal person.
I finally went out of the car -- I walked to the blood.
And I was going on the screens when I found with a larger black man, it was the control of the location.
When I looked at me, I went up and said, "What is you?
I said, "I'm a card? He said, "Is you you? I said yes.
And so I went up with me and I came down.
And I'm going to get me in the object.
He said, "I'm proud of you.
I have to tell you now that that was visible.
That was connected with my interest -- with my identity with the ability that we all have to control the community with a view of hope.
Well, I went into the audience room.
When you go in, the game saw me.
And he said to me, "It's Santa, you wrote this music music?
I said, "You know, I went to me, and we started disappearing.
People started to get up. They all were investing.
I was the one that I had written those lines.
They came up with the police fires, the authorities.
Of course, without knowing how the room was full of people -- and all of us were full because we were talking about reasons because we talked about poverty, because we talked about democracy.
And with the eye of the eye I was able to see that I went and came up.
And I looked at the window and he came to hear all of that huge one.
I keep walking up here and for there.
And finally, this old black game, in the room in the room and I felt behind me, almost in the table of the bars.
So about 10 minutes later, the game is going to say a record.
And during the destruction of the someone in the middle of the somebody who was shown because the content had come into the room.
The answer is based on the old black one.
And he said, "Martin, what do you do in the authority room.
And the old black came out of me, I looked at me and he looked at me, and he said, "I would look at this room in order to tell this young man who keep his view in the goal with fishing.
I've come to TED because I think many of you understand that a lot of you understand that the moral act of the universe is very big, but it goes into the supply.
We can't really be really human humans if we don't worry about human rights and by digital.
That our surface is ready to the others.
That our technologies of technology, design and creative and creativity have to be able to deal with factories, compared and collective.
And by the top of all of the present people that share this, I just want to tell you that they will keep the view in the goal with failure.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You just heard and see a evidence of the audience of the audience -- this community, to help in your properties, to do something.
So something that is not a chicken. What can we do?
BF: There are several different opportunities there.
If you live in the state of California, for example, there will be a representation in which you will make an effort to get the forces that are going to be in the police of capitalism.
For example, here in California, you're going to spend a billion dollars in the death of death -- in the next five years. A billion dollars.
And even though it comes from this, about 45 percent of the cases that are not going to be able to go up in artists.
The 75 percent of violence doesn't come to anything.
Here's a change.
This reflection is going to be able to be able to make these ways to make the law.
I think there is a very close opportunity.
CA: There has been a huge challenge in the United States, in the last three decades, in the last three decades.
And part of the experience, it tells you that it has to do with the biggest rate of article.
What would you tell you that you think is that?
BF: In fact, the rate rate with violence has been related to strange state.
The great growth in this country is not in terms of violence with violence.
It's by the wrong war against the drugs against them.
This is why it comes up with this direct increase in the collective population.
And we let us convince the control of the care.
We have three legal causes to bring people to the people who are perfectly perfectly, by the way, for a little bit of the property, in place to make them get out of those resources.
I think we have to do more to help the victims of the creatures and not less.
And it seems like our physical phone on the career doesn't do anything for anything.
I think that's the organization that has to change.
CA: Britain, you've been excited about this today.
You're very inspired with you.
Thank you very much for having come to TED. Thank you.
Long, they grow the threat in the death of Bill Leng.
Long two, Harry in South Sun -- London 3, the police poor paintings.
Long four, London Department -- London 5, Communications movie.
Long six, social Democratic December, 25 dead.
Look at the Earth Einstein, London 99, Congress.
A lot of communities, war to the neighborhood, War distribution.
Remove.
Critics.
Oh, God.
Pete Democrats, these are just some of the creatures that I get in the last six months -- they could be about the last six days or the last six years.
The idea is that the media media will allow us to provide negative news because our minds pay attention to them.
And that respond to a very good right.
In every single day of every day our feelings get a lot more data than probably the brain can protect it.
And as nothing really care about it, the first side of all of those data is an old factor of the early light called an angry call.
The approach is our distribution of the early antibiotics, the decision of the danger.
Observe and record all of the information looking for something in the environment that I could do data.
And so of a tens of stories we're going to be able to look at negatives.
That old person from the press, "If there is a search, Verment, is very true.
And given that all the digital devices would give us a negative news the seven days in the week, 24 hours a day -- it's not to strange that we will be pictures.
It doesn't surprise that people think that the world is going to be wrong.
But maybe it's not like that.
Maybe in change, what really happens is that we get distributions.
Maybe the huge progress made in the last century by a series of forces is going into such a way that we have the potential to create a world in the next three decades.
I'm not saying that we don't have our good problems -- the climate change -- the climate change -- the space of water and energy -- no matter we have.
As human beings are very good to add the problems and at the long time, we just had them.
So let's look at it in the last century to see where we go.
In the last hundred years, the life of life has been more than disappearing, the average income for influence has been taken across the world.
The innovation has been recognized 10 times.
Also, the cost of the food -- from the electricity and the communities and the communities -- it has been 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Pennsylvania showed us that we're living the most popular time in human history.
And Charles Kenya that the world is about 25 percent more than 80 percent in the last 150 years.
We're really living an extraordinary time.
A lot of people forget it.
And we continue to put out more and more high expectations.
In fact, we reduce the poverty.
Think about this today in the United States, much of the people who live under the poverty line have electricity -- water, balloons, television, television, mobile and careers and cars.
The career markets of the last century of the past century, the entrepreneurs of the planet -- they would have come up with a lot of shoes.
It will support a lot of this is the technology and, finally, their emotional growth.
My good friend Rather Karara showed that any tool that was going on in the technology of the information of the information in this culture, the Monterey of moral -- and the Monterey depression of the price in about 12 to 24 months.
This is why the model that you have in the edge is a million times later, and a thousand times faster than a substance of the years.
Now look at this culture.
This is the London Latin for the last hundred years.
I want you to look at two things in this culture.
First of all, the point that it is, in good and bad time, in the war and in the peace -- in the developing and the place.
This is the series of fast computers used to build more quickly.
It doesn't stop at any of the big challenges of them.
And even though it is completely collectively on the left on the left -- it goes up to the street.
The growth rate of technology is in it more and faster at it.
And in this course at the top of the London, there are a series of extremely powerful technologies that we have today.
The computer in the cloud -- that my friends in Australia called influence and neighborhoods, the red pressure and their ability to develop and to develop personal production in all the planet -- biological biology in the planet, the signals, the vaccines and the food, the digital medicine.
I mean, how many of you saw the video in Joshua from Walls, from ELGLA.
It was silent.
And I'm looking at the pressures of the best fear that I would have.
And I love this one.
John is not a easy.
It goes up with the human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud, available for everyone in the mobile model.
For four years ago, here in TED here at TED and I, we put a new college called Society University.
We teach these technologies to our students -- and in particular, how you can use the great challenges of humanity challenges.
And every year we asked them to take a company or a product or a service or service -- that can affect the lives of a billion people in a decade in a decade in a decades.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can make the life of a billion people.
30 years ago, that would have been authoritarian.
Now we can see a piece of companies that have already done.
And when I think about creating audience, it doesn't mean to create a local life for each of the planet, it's about creating a life of the possible.
It's trying to take that is a state and get it up.
You see, the scale is context and technology is a force that clean resources are.
I'll give you an example.
It's a story of National Indian at 1960.
He is the guy on the left.
I started to get the sea of Silicon.
The National transports they started with plastic careers, and the same National careers, and the same.
But the rest of Silicon, I started with a strategic colleagues.
You see, the animation was the most value of the planet -- it is more than the gold and the plan.
This is why the point of the mountain to Washington is all the time.
You see, even though the animation is 9,000 percent of the Earth -- it doesn't come as a public metal.
It's ready by the oxygen and the silences.
But then the electricity came up and made the study and made it as well as we use it as if it was delivered.
We put this animation into the future.
Let's think about the energy.
Ladies and gentlemen, we are in a single planet.
They get to the Earth 16 percent of energy.
It's not about scale, but of access to access to me.
And there are good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of the solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the generation of a piece of person, and it's going to be able to look at 12 supply supply.
The cost of solar energy is 50 last year.
The last month -- the MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade in the U.S. parts of the United States, the solar electricity is going to cost six cents a time per time to share with the 15 cents of the national environment.
And if we have energy of energy we also have water.
Let's talk about the war.
You remember when Charles Sam put up the Space Space to the Earth -- when I spent Sandy, when I spent Saudi.
It was a famous picture. How do you call it?
"A planet point point.
Because we live in a water planet.
We live on a planet in a 70 percent water.
Yes, 99 is water water, the two percent is ice -- and we went down for about five percent of the planet, but also here is a hope.
It's a available technology not in 10 or 20 years, but right now.
It comes to the nationalist, the nature.
In a conversation with Daniel Katie this morning, one of the innovations of the tradition, I would like to share with you, and I would like to share with you, and he gave me a technology called Santa People -- you know, it's the size of a little signature.
It is able to generate a thousand of the water water on the day of any source -- water water -- a legal water, for less than two cents the list.
The president of Congress had just been able to make an important test of hundreds of these communities in the developing world.
If that goes out well, and I have a lot of trust that I would be, College is going to get it up in 200 countries in the planet.
This is a positive innovation for this technology that we have today.
And we've seen it in the mobile people.
God me, we're going to get about 70 percent of the models in the developing world at the end of 2010, in the early world.
Think about it, that mass war has better mobile communities in the middle of Kenya that the President Report 25 years ago.
And to tell you with an intelligent cell with Google -- it has access to more knowledge and information than the President Canada 15 years ago.
It lives in a world of information and communities that no one could have done ever ever before.
better than that, the things that you and I have spent tens and hundreds of thousands of thousands of dollars and hundreds of thousands of books and music -- pictures of books and music technology technology -- now they go down and lose value of market with the mobile people.
Maybe the best thing you get when you get the health approach.
The last month -- I had the party of analyzing with the Foundation Pole something called the X-ray Prince Foundation -- 10 million dollars.
We are challenge to the team of the world to make these technologies in a mobile device with which they talk about, and because it has GDP, you can be able to be able to get out of the sea.
To win it has to make better drugs than a central medical team than a medical team.
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world in which there are no doctors -- where the mountain car is 25 percent of the health workers of the health.
When this device comes up a virus of DNA.
But this is the biggest force to produce a world of a world.
I call it the billion billion dollars at all.
The white lines here are the population.
So we just just spend the battle of the seven billion dollars.
By the way, the best production against the digital experience is to give the world of education and health and health world.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people in line.
For 2010, going out of two billion to five billion miles of the Internet.
Three billion minds never before you get to the global conversation.
What do these people want these people.
What would you consider? What do you want to do it?
And instead of a economic cost we'll have the largest economic intelligence of history.
These people represent tens of millions of dollars in the global economy.
And they will get more health because of the British, from a better education with the Authord Katie and because of the use of the implications in 3D and the computer in the cloud will be more products than never before.
What can you give us about three million members of humans of humanity and production and products.
What about a few voices never before.
What if we give them to the operations, where they are, a voice to be heard and power for the first time for the first time for the first time for the first time.
So what would these three billion billion miles like?
And if you are conditions that we can't predict?
So something that I learned with the first 12 is that they were small, you know, a little bit of their passion with a clear goal -- you can do extraordinary things -- things that before you could only do the big conditions and the governments of it.
I'm going to end up sharing a story that really excited me.
There's a program that maybe some of you already know.
It's called Florida.
It goes in the University of Washington, in Signal.
It's a game where people can take a sequence of food and figure out the way you can put the prototype.
The plans will stop structure and work.
It's very important in medical research.
And so far, it was a problem.
They have played with this universal teachers between others.
And then hundreds of thousands of people came together and started playing it.
And it has shown that today, the human patterns of human patterns is better than the best computer.
Ladies and gentlemen, what gives me a huge trust in the future is that today we have more power as people to take the great challenges of the planet.
We have the tools with this particular technology.
We have the passion of the training of the tradition.
We have the capital of the television.
And we have three million new minds that are going to happen to work in the solution of the big challenges and do what we should do.
We have a few extraordinary decades for us.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
The correct point of the party.
And as the idea can explain in a minutes, you will give you three examples to make time.
The first story is about Charles David, one of my heroes.
He was here, as you know, in 1859.
Maybe they think you have a few people, but it wasn't like that.
It actually requires fish.
And I described one of them as a very "manuful?
It was the table.
It was a long way to the 1960s.
Now the fish is in the Roots Richard of the U.S.
But we've heard this story a lot of times, about Galaxy and other places, so that doesn't have any space.
But the case is that we still come to Galaxy.
We even think they are protecting.
The films still say they continue to go in.
So what happens here?
The second story is also increasing another concept -- the demographic of the cell.
Because I was there.
I was there because I grew up in Europe and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought I could go in.
I got a lot with the sun and I was convinced that I was not there.
This is my first experience to the sun.
The paralyze was surrounded by fires, and as you can see, from a few markets.
There were three-dimensional to about 20 cents -- the black baby state.
And the weight of this television was very nice and I was going on for a good moment, so it would get more than the middle in Ghana.
When I went there 24 years later, the amount of fish had gone down to half of them.
They went to the five cents.
They experience a genetic perspective.
There were even fish there.
In a way, they were still happy.
And the fish were still happy to be there.
I mean, nothing to change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I was able to be a company in the pressure of the face of article in the automobile surface.
In the 1990s, well, I started in the 1990s, Europe did a lot of development project.
The developing development is going to get to the countries that already had 100 penguins, and you can put the industrial perspective.
And this boat, a lot of failure, is called the Mountain Foundation.
I went out to stop in it, and we do study students in the South China of China and, especially in the sea of Japan.
What we were able to take was something interactive.
We carry, now I know, the bottom of the sea.
90 percent of what we were able to do was silence, other animals that are in the future.
And most of the fish are a little bit of minds about a little bit of the rest of a little bit of the results that are fish of corruption.
You know, the bottom of the sea came to the course and then it was actually staying.
These images are extraordinary because the transition is very quickly.
In a year, you make a study and then you start the commercial piece.
The bottom is going to be a little bit of a white collection in this case, in this case, to be a little bit.
This is a dead.
They did not eat them. They did it because they were dead.
And once we put a life.
It was still not coming down.
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
So this lot of rest is what you recognize the parents every time you go to a area that they have never been done.
But it doesn't be disappearing.
We transform the world, but we don't remember it.
We add the part of the party, the new level, without remember what was there.
If we get this something like this.
In the eye, we have good things -- biological things, the green of the country, the water.
And that changes with time. It changes because people do things with nature.
Every generation will use the images of the beginning of their life as normal as the normal and the extraordinary thing to do.
The difference is that they lose the loss of it.
But they don't lose the loss that happened before.
You can add the supply of change.
And at the end of it to keep a little bit of the rest of them.
And that, in great measure is we want to do now.
We want to keep things that are no longer going to be what they are.
But you should think that this problem is that this problem is going to be the people when the developing societies are making animals without knowing what they have done to a few generations later.
Because obviously an animal that is very under -- before you get to explore, it's a little bit.
You don't have a normal animals.
And you have a little bit of freedom.
And even if this doesn't look like a big fun.
With the time, we focus on the big animals, and in a sea sense of big fish.
They become a little bit.
With the time they have a few fish -- but we think that's the point of paradigm.
And the question is, why do we do this?
Well, because we don't know that it was different.
In fact, a lot of people, scientists that were very different.
And you will do it because the evidence is in a way in a way is not the way they would expect to have the evidence that they would expect to.
For example, the argument that some of you are going to do, as you walk out and just look at a lot of fish in this area can't be used or by the general doesn't use the scientific scientists because it's not scientist."
So we have a situation where people don't know the past -- even though we live in the past, because they don't trust the source of the past.
In there the huge role that can be able to take a wonderful protected area.
Because with the massive markets -- we really get the past.
We remember the past that people can't continue because the end point has gone up and it is completely under it.
That's for the people that you can see a wonderful red area and you can benefit from the vision that I think, which allows them to bring their point of paradigm.
And what about people who can't do it because they don't have access -- as people in the Middle East, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example,
I think there are the arts and the science maybe you can call the vaccine.
This is a situation of the Bang Bangalore.
A lot of time ago, there were grandmothers in the back of Chinese battery, 500 years ago.
And you will have noticed that the mathematics and the tools are like "America?
And if you think about "The "Delight?
Because I got something that, in some sense, it has lost it.
And so my recovery, the only one that will give you, is Cambridge, do "Martin Russia.
Thank you very much.
Dr. Hello Charle, the general team of YouTube -- and I look at video videos in a professional way.
It's true.
So today we will see why video videos are made and what important has that.
We all want to be stars.
But today, the website makes any of us, or of our activities -- a whole part of our global culture.
Any one can be famous in the Internet in a signal.
They get more than 24 hours of video to YouTube for me.
And of course, just a little percentage is a little bit, and it comes up with view of vision and a culture of culture.
How does that happen.
Three things.
Well, let's start with.
Bruno Valley, Oh, God me, God me.
God.
Wow.
Oh, good galaxy."
KB: Last year I published this video video out of his house in the National National Park Park.
In 2010, it was seen 25 million times.
And this graph shows the records in the police of the last summer of the last summer of the side.
Beight is not going to make a visual video.
I just wanted to share a little bit of a straight antibiotics.
That's what you do if you call Mother Mountain Mountain.
There was already published a lot of videos of nature.
This video had been published in money.
So what happened here?
It was James King.
James King published this task that would care of the video to the police.
The textures of trend such as James King would give us new things and interesting to a little bit more farming to them.
Richard Bible,"  -- you have to start looking at it.   You all want to start the end of week, the end of week --          You see, you see the see --  KB: Don't think that we can have this conversation without talking about this video -- I hope that we can have this video.
"Close Red Red is one of the most popular videos of the year.
They saw it almost 200 million times this year.
This graph shows the freedom of use.
At the same thing like "The Golden Golden sound, this video seemed to have come from anything.
So what happened this here?
Well, it was true, it's true.
And if you ask them for those other patients, they're also looking at them.
But what happened this day, this will be seriously.
Well, he took the Tasmanian table, and a lot of bacteria started to write about it.
Michael January -- New Stones Street, was one of the first people in making a barrier on the video.
But the important thing is that one person or a group of trends are taking a point of view and they share it with a much more advanced public of the process.
So this community of people who share this great internal girl then starts talking about that and doing things.
And now there are 10 patterns of "The "Strategies, in YouTube.
Just in the first seven days, there was a piece for each of the other days.
unlike the United States, the community of the 20th century of the 20th century is our way of being part of the phenomenon -- and doing something new with that.
"Neurology Carnetter is an analogy with a recording music.
That's what it is.
This year you saw it about 50 million times.
And if you think that it is open -- you know that there is a three hours that have seen four million times.
Until the cars saw this video.
And there are cars that saw other cars see the video.
But the important thing here is the creativity of the consequence of the Internet.
There were records.
Some of them did a version of the ancient one.
And then it became international one.
And suddenly it came up with a whole community community that made this happen to be a little bit of a control to something that we can all form part of it.
Because today we don't just look at it, we're going on.
Who could have done something like this?
Who could have been predicted "Spider God or Red Bang or "Break Carro."
What could you have written that I would have written this situation?
In a world where you get two days of video for minutes, only that really unique and innovation can be able to get out of the way these things have done.
When a friend told me that I had to look at this great video of a guy who protect against the music in New York City.
Campaign Congo, I got a lot of close because of the baby, but often there are often obsessions that are going to be able to grow up by the biology.
WK: Thank you to the solar effect and his humanity, Carro Disagrement made it for five million saw and understand their idea.
So this is really worth for all the new thing we do in creative way.
And all of this brings us to a big question.
Berlin Valley, what does this mean?
Oh.
KB: What does this mean?
The transportation of terms of terms, which is completely intelligent, are completely intelligent, are a new kind of media -- in a new culture, that we all have access and is the audience that makes the police of it.
As I said before I said before, one of the current parts of the world, John Bill, started in YouTube.
They were not able to express their ideas.
Now we are all a little bit of our culture.
These are not the articles of the old media -- they are just the mission of the current media but they will define the future of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a storytelling story.
It's a little bit that is still arriving.
Let me tell you about some of the fish.
Imagine the first piece -- a man playing the work of a whole life.
It's a point, a man, a man whose entire life had been used in the unique hope and freedom of his country.
Imagine as the communities come in Saturday, by taking the fact that their life had been totally in the way.
The words -- for so long time, now they were broken.
It goes into the situation.
died by the story.
He is my grandmother.
I never met it.
But our lives are much more than our resources.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story.
My task was not going to leave that that has been in the way, and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to do it, but we support it.
The next part of the back is about a little bit of the boat is going to be significant to the sea.
My mother, my mother was just 18 years when his father died and a concerned man and two little girls and two little girls and two little girls and two little girls and two little girls and two little girls and two little girls and two little girls and two little girls and two little girls and two little girls and two little girls and two little girls and two
For her, the life had taken up to a size of his family and a new life in America.
And it was a relative for her that I couldn't do it.
And then from a four years of a four years that I challenge the fish, a forest is coming up to the sea distribution of blood drawing.
All of the adults knew the risks of them.
The biggest fear was the paradigm, the violence and the death.
As most adults -- my mother had been a flow with a search.
If we were compared, we first took it my sister and me, and then she and my grandmother and my grandmother and my grandmother and my grandmother and my grandmother and my grandmother and my grandmother and my grandmother and my grandmother and my grandmother and my grandmother and my grandmother and my grandmother and my grandmother and my grandmother and my grandmother and my grandmother and my grandmother and
My first resources are from that boat, the controlled rest of the motor, the protection in every single thing, and the old head and the vision of the vision.
I don't remember the paradigms that came a number of times, but that they were including with the value of men in our barrier, or the market moving and not being able to run for six hours.
But I can remember the lights of the oil platform in front of the Marine country, and the young man who colleagues and died -- to end the journey was too much for him, and the first piece that I tried -- because of the men of the planet.
No man had after the same thing.
And after three months in a care field -- we're going to get in Michael.
And the next piece of the back is about four women at the time of three generations giving a new life together.
We are going to be in Ford, an open kind of open class whose population is full of antibiotics.
In the middle of the middle class, what I would tell you, in Ford, there was no sense of the right.
The objects that come from the teachers were the rest of the world.
And the United States failure were being used between people who had one thing in common -- they were starting again.
My mother worked in farmers -- then in a long line of cars -- working six days -- took six.
Even so, I found time to study English and get a television in TED technology.
We were poverty.
All of the dollars were disappearing, and it was straightforward an extreme state in English and mathematics -- it doesn't matter what you should be, that it would usually be new supply, it was always a second hand.
Two pieces of media for school, one to study the holes of the other.
A school mission to the trains, because I had to take six years.
And there were short streets and doctors on the books of the backsonces and some graph, "The strategies, you go home.
At home.
So something in me is interviewing.
And I was going down and a voice that said, "I'm going to support them.
My mother and my sister and I moved into the same box at the same way.
My mother was survived every night, but we told us about our day and we had the movements of our grandmother in the house.
My mother supported states, all the balloon.
And my task was to go up until his characters started to be able to be able to be able to stop it.
She opened up a computer, and then I studied to be a station and open another business.
And women come with their stories about men who could not do the transition and the international and the individuals and the students are taken into two world.
They were looking at superstractions and patterns.
And they were created by centers.
I live in the particular world.
In one, it was the climate study of the clinical student of what it was left of myself.
In the other one, I was interested in prison lives.
But a lot of people got helped through the years.
And because of that work, when I studied my last year of artist, I got the young year of the year.
And I went out of a piece of a piece of the parking to the other, but his bottles didn't go up.
And so, I was surprising from Ford, I was now so such a social and social activity, invited to talk to me in places that I had never heard of, and in houses whose existence would never have imagine.
I didn't know the prototypes.
I didn't know how to use the controls.
I didn't know how to talk about it.
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to go back to the bacteria and the control of life in a sustainable surgeon -- a stream, a mother and two children end up the day as they did for almost 20 years, by getting on the day of each and getting distributed, the three still in the same box in the same way.
And I said to my mom I couldn't do it.
I remember that I had now the same age that she had when we get to the barrier.
The not ever had been a option.
"I said, "I said, "You don't be what you're not.
And so I talked about the original and education and education to the markets and the destructions.
And how much more I was talking about, more was used to talk about.
I met people out of all the ways of life, many of them doing what they loved -- living in the front of the possible.
And even though I ended up my light, I realized that I couldn't stay in a card car.
And I had to have another piece of the head.
And I realized at the same time that is well going to be a design, a recent resource, new in the stage -- and not just that it's good, but it's something that I will be flower, perhaps a ball of the ball.
Because it's going to be in the way that it can be in a very easy way to be able to be able to be able to be able to accept the pressures of your own production.
I gave the enough steps outside my area to know that, yes, that the world is described, but not the way we get it.
It would not have been allowed to have been allowed to be a huge antibiotics.
There was an energy in there, an incredible operation, a mission of human and worth of humanity.
And so I kept my intelligence.
It took a little group of people to who the read can't do -- it was a shared challenge.
For one year we didn't have a center.
At the end of every day, I was doing a giant girl that we all share it.
We worked up to the night.
Most of our ideas were crazy -- but a few brilliant things, and we open on it.
I took the decision to move to the U.S.
And after a single journey of one.
My hearts again.
Three months later, I had moved to me, and the adventure was going on.
Before I ended up -- let me tell you about my grandmother.
She grew up in a little bit where the conflict was the social normal and the local Monterey was the person who was going to matter.
The life had not changed for century.
His father died a little bit after she was born.
The mother was used to it.
And at the age of 18 it became a company of a Mark whose mother the shoe.
No support of his market, causes a transportation to put it up and take the cause of it, and a lot more back when you go up.
You can't do it to be error.
I was in the room in the room of a hospital in School when she died -- a hundred miles in Mountain.
I looked through the market of the drone and I saw it from the other side.
I knew I had been going to be going on.
My mother called minutes later.
You know, we went to a blood technique in Ford and we sat around the air.
We tell stories and we found that we were still with it.
On the night a woman came and told us that I had to close the car.
My mother asked us to feel your hand.
I asked the monkey, "Why is your hand head, and the rest of the body so free?
Because you have taken your hand from the morning, he said.
They have not survived.
If there is a neuron in our family in our family, that running through women.
And because we were and how life we are, we can now see that the men who had come to our lives would have come to us.
The design would have come up with.
Now I want to have my own children, and I ask me about the barrier.
Who could do that for you?
However, I take it at the end of the easy.
Can I give you a project in your lives in your lives -- which is coming out in every single one, the really concerned restaurant of the motor, the blood view that you don't have to get anything?
I don't know.
But if I could give it and look at it, I would do.
Tracer Nepal and also the mother of this is here today, in the fourth or the film of it.
My story starts in Rome about two years ago.
I was in the desk, under the street sky.
We were building how nothing has changed.
In those days when we wanted to travel back to a car and we run the sky.
Now we do it with adults.
In that then when I got Alliance, the great Indian principle was -- I had a back and with a street and a street in the ground -- I got water.
Now we do the same with tasks and machine.
The conversation that we did was that the machine had come back to market.
And that was a lot.
Every time I felt a little bit more technique.
And I took this idea to lose the ability to deal with the ability to deal with the ability to deal with the ability to deal with the ability to figure out if I didn't have the camera -- if I couldn't understand my friends.
It seemed like technology had to allow me to allow the magic -- not to kill it.
And I was a little bit of my grandmother to get up his blood paradigm particular record.
And this piece of technology.
It became a dead door to a world full of images and narratives and nations in my imagination.
I had the sense of the mountains, the light records and the cameras are going to do that we are.
And they brought our inspiration up.
And so I took it up to this world technology to see how to use it to create magic rather than making it rather than it.
The books since the 16 years.
And so when I saw the language I saw a little bit of narrative to connect the lessons of the whole world.
You can know how we take the book.
Where we are.
I will keep the text with the picture, the animation, the sound and the attack.
The narrative becomes more and more music.
But why is that?
I am about to get Kiking Kid, an international attention for iPod.
He says, "I put your fingers on each light.
And so ...  He says, "This box looks like -- I wrote my name.
And so I got a piece of the book.
In several times I get a cartoon -- the language knows where I live because of the GPS -- that comes to me.
My inner girl is excited with all these possibilities.
I've been talking a lot about magic.
And I don't mean the microscopes and doctors, but at that mass of the influence, those ideas that we open from children.
So for some reason, the lights in a factory always came to me.
So over here, we have to increase the idea to raise the lines.
And actually, they will take your way on the book.
Another idea that I was fascinated by a little girl was that all of a galaxy is in a ball.
And so here, every book and every world is turned into a ball that I brought up to this magic device within the application.
And this opened a map of it.
In all of all, there have always been maps but have been mathematically materials.
So this is a map that grew up and stays on the rest of the book.
In certain points of the book as well.
Now I'm going to go in.
Another thing that is really important for me is to create an Indian content and to the controllers.
These are the applications.
We've all heard of the horses and the nations -- but how many people outside India know their India, the streams, the picks?
These poor poverty has been killed in the cameras of India during military, in a old book.
That's why we're going back in a consequently constructive story.
In a story that is the current issues like the environmental crisis.
And talking about environmental crisis -- one of the problems in the last 10 years, has been that kids have been and parented to their Pakistan, they have not gone to the outside world.
But now with mobile technology we can take our kids to the natural world with their technology.
One of the interesting interaction of the book is that you have to go out to the outside -- take the camera or the iPhone, and they will collect images of different natural objects.
As a little girl I had a lot of colleagues, stores, stores, colleagues, colleagues and controls.
For some reason the kids don't do it.
So to pick up this risk of the innovation you have to go out and in a calculation, take a picture to a flow and then I'll get it.
In the other hand, you have to take a picture of a little bit, and then I'll get it.
In this way it creates a digital color of pictures that then you can put in the Web
A child in London put a picture of a bar and says, "Oh, I saw a balloon.
A child in India says, "I saw a monkey?
And it creates this kind of social network in the back of a digital pictures that have been done.
In the variation of connection between magic and the Earth and technology there are a lot of possibilities.
In the next book we can have an interaction in which you go out with the iPod and the video and the video and by the way, you can see a group of people who come up with the outside plants of the house.
In a moment the screen is full of boys.
And you have to do the sound of the wind and get them to be able to read the rest of the book.
We go into a world where the forces of nature are inspired with technology and magic and technology and technology.
We have the energy of the sun.
We're going on to our kids and ourselves.
Thank you.
I want to talk to you about why a lot of health projects are going on.
And I think, really, the most important thing about that is we stop listening to patients.
And one of the things that we did in the University University was to get to a distance of the listen to the listen to the heard of the school.
And not in a very scientific way, she had a little piece of carbon or you and I asked patients and I asked patients and I said, "What about happen?
"How can we help it?
And we used to think, that this is one of the biggest problems for what all, or maybe not all, but most of the health project projects are because we stop listening to it.
This is my own. It's a very simple thing.
It has a stage of learning and disappearing.
All of the morning me.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I got the challenge to get up to 70 percent.
But it's so simple, that every time I connect me, I sent my information to Google Hong.
And my heart doctor has access to him as well. So he can see what my weight problem, not at the same time that it needs collaborative antibiotics or some organization of that state, but to look at it.
But there's another thing.
As some of you know, I have more than four seconds in Twitter in Twitter here.
So every morning I put me to my back Red and before I went to my car -- people start to talk to me, Line, today I think you need a light line.
That's the best thing that can happen, because it is a pressure of the people used to help the patients, and it could be used for obsessions, and also for the patients to let the patients get up.
On the other hand, it can be used to move people from their chair and together.
In the next week it will be available to be available to it.
And this little man connected to an idea or another device or another device.
And people might be able to take their artist, to take their medical pressure to send their doctor and share it with others, for example, for 100 dollars.
This is the point where patients take a position -- they come back to the control and to be able to help your own barrier, but it can also help us to the health of health because of the challenges that we face -- as the depression of the cost of the medical attention.
It will make techniques that are simple to use and start with this to get the patients in the team.
And you can do it with techniques like this, but as well.
And one of the things we did would like to share with you with a video.
We all have control control in the cars.
Maybe we have them in our cells.
We know perfectly where the car cars are in Maria.
And also where all the galaxies.
And of course, we can find fast food.
But where is it the most close Detroit to help this patient.
We asked but no one else.
No one I know where you get the DNA to get lives right now.
And what we did was to do it in the United States.
We created a website site -- and we asked the public police, you see a DNA, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, and when it is open -- because sometimes they open up in terms of office and others are carrying.
And more than 10 dollars are already present on the Countries.
The next step was looking for the attention for that.
And we did an app for the iPod.
We created a passion for Lendicase, actually, to find these DNA.
And every time you are in the city of Maria and someone else -- you can use their iPhone, and the next few weeks will use their cell cell to find the most close DNA, which can save lives.
And from today, I want to show you this, not just like David X, which is the name of the product -- but also like DNA.
And we want to start in the global level.
We are taking all the colleagues in the world in the world, so that they help us find it, work and act as a center for the U.S. concert around the world.
Every time you are from vaccines and somebody else -- it can be a piece or somebody face of you, you can find it.
I also wanted to send companies all around the world that could help us come out of these DNA.
They could be service of message or people of technology, for example, to see if the DNA is still in their place.
On the face of this and not just improve health but to take the control of it.
Thank you very much.
I'm here in order to share a picture of photography.
Or is it "The photographer.
Because of course, they are pictures that you can't take with their camera.
My interest in the picture is disappeared with my first digital camera at 15 years.
And I started with my passion on the drawing, but it was a little bit different because when you use the camera the process was in the plan.
And when you take a picture with a camera the process ended up when the police looks like.
For me the photograph had more to do with being in the right place, at the same time.
I thought anybody could do it.
And so I wanted to create something different -- a process that would start when you were going to pay the police.
pictures like this -- a building in a very short card.
But it has a intelligent shark.
And despite it, it makes a level of reality.
Or pictures like this, dark and collaborations at the time, but with the common goal to keep the level of reality.
And when I say I tell you a photography.
Because of course, it's not something that I can capture but I always want it to be able to have been changed in some way as a picture.
pictures that you will have to think about a moment to find out the tradition.
It has more to do with making an idea that with a moment.
But what is the journey that makes them look like?
Are you the details or the colors?
And I understand the light.
What is the institution.
Sometimes the illusion is the perspective of it.
But in the end it is about our way to interact the world and how you can think about a significant surface in a signal surface.
It's actually not about if it is to do it -- but what we think it is really.
And so I think the forces are very simple.
I see it as a reality of reality in which we take different pieces of reality and we put them to create an alternative reality.
I'll show you a simple example.
Here we have three perfect objects that we can all relate to the traditional world.
But they changed in a certain way you can create something that still looks like, as if it is.
But at the same time, we know that it doesn't exist.
So let's take the brain because the brain doesn't accept the fact that that doesn't really make sense.
And I see the same process by changing the pictures of the picture.
It's really going to make different reality.
And the things that make a picture like a picture that I think are those where we don't even think about the things that are going around us in our everyday life.
But by changing pictures is very important to consider it, because in the other way something looks wrong.
So I would like to say that there are three simple rules that will keep to get real results.
As you can see, these images are not very special stuff.
But you know, you can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the combination of pictures must have the same perspective.
Second, the complex pictures must have the same kind of light.
And these two images are going with these restaurants, they were taken to the same car and the same kind of light.
The third point is to make it impossible to distribute the beginning and the end of the different images with a perfect universe.
It has to be impossible to see where the picture.
This is another example.
I could think that this is the picture of a landscape and the bottom part is married.
But this picture is totally common by pictures of different places.
In the people I think it's easier to create a place that will find it because you don't need to put the ideas that have in the head.
But it requires a lot of plant.
And as I thought this idea in trying to know that I had a number of months to put it, to find the different bones for the pieces of the paradigm.
For example, the fish was connected in a piece of piece.
The cost is from a different.
The super-size part was used in a piece of piece.
And yes, I even made the house of the top of the island so that it would look like a little bit more.
So to get a real result I think it makes a little bit.
It always starts with a balloon, an idea.
Then you have to change the different picture.
And here every piece is very well.
If you make a good work when you take the pictures the result can be very beautiful and the very real time.
All the tools are there and the only line is our imagination.
Thank you.
Let me start by showing you a little bit about technology, very underwater.
Please if you can put it.
It's a disaster that I took from a career me.
I'm not going to be interested to show you, but the general aspect of it.
This is an animal that we were doing about the potential of the Russian microbes to see the potential of local areas of local area.
The interesting thing about this is that this is, as many other people that we used to see, is a kind of line line in local scale.
In other words, every step here is an order of marketing in the scale of the desk.
And I'm going to talk about technology with silent curves is a normal thing.
Here is something strange here.
And that's what I'm going to talk about.
Please get the light.
It would need more understanding because I would write about paper.
Why are we going to make technologies into the local scale.
The answer is that if you would draw them in a normal course in which we say, these are the years, or some of a time, and this would be any measure of the technology that I'd like to go back, the direction would look like a rich thing.
It would be something like this.
It doesn't say a lot.
But if you go, for example, some other technology -- like the transport, in a signal culture would be very useful -- we would see a recent line.
But if you happen something like this, it gives a controlled change.
If the technology technology will turn as fast as the missions of microbes, we could take a task and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds.
But it doesn't go to that room.
There are no present in the history of the technology of a growing growth that every few years of marketing areas.
The question I want to do is -- look at these extreme curves, we see that they don't keep embarrassing.
It's not possible to take this change as fast as it is.
It will happen one of two things.
Or it's going to become a dark typical text -- I know this until it is completely different or maybe to do something like this.
That's all that can happen.
I am optimistic, so I think maybe something like this.
So we will now be in the middle of a transition.
In this line we're in a transition of what used to be the world, at a new way.
And so what I try to ask is, and ask you, what is that new way that you get the world?
How new state is the world?
The transition seems very, very close if we're huge in it.
I remember the future of the future happened in the year 2,000 and people used to talk about what happened in the year.
This is a conference where people talk about the future and we see that the future is still the year.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has gone up, year after year, at the time of my life.
But I think that we feel that something is going on.
It's going to make it happen.
And we know that it doesn't have a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years because everything will be so different that we are doing today has no sense.
So I want to talk about how it might be, how it could be that transition that we experience it.
But to do that will have to talk a little bit about things that don't have a lot to do with technology and construction.
Because I think the only way to understand it is to take distance and look at the long thing.
The time I would like to do it is the time of life on Earth.
I think this picture makes sense if we look at each billion years.
So we put out about 2,000 million years when the Earth was a great structure with a lot of chemicals who were going around them.
If you look at the way that those chemicals are giving us an idea of how things happen.
And I think there are tools to start to understand the organization with Dr. And I'm going to tell you a simple version of this and is that, at that time, there had been a little bit of access with all kinds of chemical resources in their environment.
Some of those cars are going to have a particular combination of drugs that asked them to build materials from the outside and so on.
And they started democratic.
In a certain sense, those were the most private cells -- those articles of activist.
But those cars were not live in the current sense, because every one of them has a recording record of chemical characters.
And every time they were disappeared by a little bit of the doctors that they know.
And so every step was a little bit different.
In fact, the cars that we have in a way to be better at the time to build the cultural chemicals -- they grow more chemicals and they get more.
They usually live more time, they were more represented.
It was a form of life, which was very simple life, but things were interested in interesting when these cars learned the train of artist.
In some way we don't understand very well these galaxies learn to make information.
They learn to get information, which was the relationship of the cell -- in a special chemical called DNA.
In other words, they worked in this evolution without sense, a system of writing that allowed you to figure out what they were to be able to be able to replace it.
The amazing thing is that that system of writing seems to have been state since they evolved two million years ago.
Our relationship, our genes have exactly the same code -- that same strategy system.
In fact, every single living is excited with exactly the same set of letters and the same code itself.
And one of the things I did just by fun. Now we can write things with this code now.
So here I have 100 white police that I try to take to the security people of the authority.
But I got -- I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we used to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data in this piece of DNA and the analogy 10 to 25 times.
And so if someone wants 100 million colleagues of my personal task -- I have a lot of for all the presentations, in fact, for every person in the world and it's here.
If it was a team I would have put it in a virus and it would have happened on the room.
What was the next here?
I would write DNA was an interesting thing.
This made these cells have been happy for another billion years.
But then it happened another big interesting step where things were made very different and it was that these cells started to interact and communicate information in the way of cells.
I don't know if you know, but the bacteria can be able to interact DNA.
So for example, for example, they evolved to the artists.
Some bacteria found the way to avoid perspective and they get them up to create their little DNA with other bacteria and now there are a lot of responsibility to the personality because the bacteria are community.
And this communication gave place that they were going to form communities that, in a way, they were together in that, and they were going to be able to get a service.
In that way, they would go together or they were going together, or it is that if a community was very successful all the individuals of that community of that community they were connected to the evolution of it.
And the point of influence happened when these communities are made so much that, in fact, they were used and decided to write all the resources of the community together in a DNA.
The next stage for life took another billion years.
And in that stage we have mobile communities -- communities of many different cells of different cells working together as a single Or just a single Or just a single organisms in it.
In fact, we are a music community.
We have a lot of cells that are no longer going on.
The skin of the skin is not sitting without the heart of the heart or the musicians, or the brain, and the brain, and so on.
So these communities evolved and became more interesting levels than the cell -- something we call a organism.
The next level happened within these communities.
These started to get information.
And to build very special structures that they didn't do more than to process information in community.
They're the nuclear structure.
The neurons are the applications that process the information that those cell communities built out.
In fact, they started to special within the community being the responsible structures of representing, understanding and to transform information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities.
And that gave them an evolutionary language.
Because at that time as individuals -- the learning was connected to the direction of an organism and not the period of evolutionary time.
So an organization could -- for example, to learn not to eat a certain face because I knew bad and supported the last time the food.
That could happen during the life of an organization because they had built these structures of information of information that for evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years by the death of individuals that they eat that form of factor.
And so the fact that the nervous system built those stories of information is going to make the evolutionary process.
Because evolution could now happen to an individual now.
It could happen in the time you need to learn.
But then, of course, individuals discovered the tradition of the community.
So for example, the most responsible version we know is human language.
If we think about it, it's an amazing research.
I have a very complicated idea an idea, in the head.
I'm sitting here by starting a few degrees and surrounded, building a similar idea -- volunteer and consumption, in their head who had a certain analysis with the me.
But we take a very complicated thing to make it in sound -- in sounds of sound -- and we produce something very complicated in another brain.
That now allows us to start to work as an organization as an organization now.
In fact, as humans, we have started to do artists.
So now we spend for the side of microbes to the musical organisms -- we are going to give us our region and presentation and information process.
For example, the invention of language was a little step in that direction.
The phone, the concern, the consequence, the Chinese, and so on.
And that tells us in something much larger and faster and able to connect more than we did before.
Now the evolution can happen in microbes.
You saw the evolutionary example of you in which I had a certain evolution with the Congression program, to our eyes.
And now we've done the scale of time again.
The first stage of the story that they told them was a billion years old.
The next stage, the nervous system and the brain, it took a few million years.
The next one, the language and so on.
And the next one, like electricity -- it seems to be just a few decades ago.
The process is recently, I guess that antibiotics is the right word to name something that takes its own change.
The more change, the faster you do.
And I think that's what we look at in this exploration of the curve.
We see that the process is recorded.
But I get my life to design computers and I know that the drugs that I have to do to design them wouldn't be possible without the recording controllers.
But now I design objects of such a complex thing that would be impossible to me in a conventional way.
I don't know that every train in that machine.
There are thousands of million dollars.
Instead of that, with the designers of Tasmanian Manhattan, we think about a level of artist, we put it in the machine and the machine with that does something that you could not be able to get a lot more and faster than never before.
In fact, sometimes they are not even able to do well.
A particularly interesting method that I've been using finally, is the evolution itself.
We put inside the machine an evolutionary process that works in the scale.
And for example, in the most extreme cases, we can put a program from a self-assembly sequence of intelligence.
We said, "Why do you make a hundred million dollars of institutions to really?
Could you pick up these series of institutions to the search, to get all those programs and take those ones that are going to do to what we want to do?
In other words, I decided what I want.
Let's say I want to open numbers to put a simple example.
So we found the programs that are going to be able to hear numbers.
Of course, it is a little bit likely that a little bit of the institutions of institutions -- open numbers -- so none of them do it.
But one, by the way, I could take two numbers in the right order of the right.
And I said, "Compare, could you take 10 percent of those artificial sequence that they made the task?
Let's take those and we choose the rest of the rest of them.
And now we remember the ones that are better.
And we are going to be able to make it a process of responsibility to the sex."
So let's take two programs -- that you can get children -- and that the children are going to have the products of both of the projects of both program.
And so we got a new generation of programs of programs that had a little bit more success.
And we said, "Why did the process look like.
California again.
I tried some musicians.
And I tried to try with a new generation.
Well, every generation it takes a few dollars.
So I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or a few minutes in a few hours.
At the end of the end, we ended up with programs that make numbers absolutely perfect at all.
In fact, they're a much more efficient programs that I could have written by hand.
If I look at those programs I can't say how they work.
I've tried to see it to see how they work.
They are dark programs -- strange program.
But they get the concern.
In fact, I know, I have the security that you get the goal because they come from a little bit of hundreds of thousands of programs that they did it.
In fact, their lives stop doing it.
And once I was in a 460 who was going on and he went up and he went up and he says, Look at this.
He says, "This goal has hundreds of thousands of pieces that work together to offer a security sector. Don't make you feel tradition?
We know that engineering processes don't work very well when they were compared.
So we started to depends on the computers to make a different design process.
And that allows us to produce a lot more complex things that produce the normal engineers of it.
However, we don't understand all the choices that there are.
In that sense, it goes from us.
Now we use those programs to make computers much faster and so can be able to explore these programs much more quickly.
Or it is, it goes back.
The thing is going faster and that's why I think it looks like it seems so confident.
Because all of these technologies are recorded.
We're dead.
And we are in a moment that we are at the top of the local organisms when they become music.
We are the love and we can't understand what we are doing.
We're at the point of innovation.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very close to our part to think that we are the end product of evolution.
And I think we are all part of the creation of what it comes from.
But now it comes the link and I think I will go up here before I get rid of me.
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that has to change.
And I think this starts with a doctor and that's me.
And I have done enough time to allow me to be part of my principle in that.
Before I treat my talk, let's talk a little bit about biological.
Why not?
We are close to the end of the world.
We love the biology, right?
The beauty is full of amazing structure.
There are hundreds of states of this.
It's going to go out "The records, I talk about the statistics and use them to form a great team of biology.
I will focus on one of them and I hope that many of you know it.
It's called the battery average.
And we talk about 300 of a battery that makes 300 percent.
And that means that the bank base essentially, three in 10 times.
That means to take the ball to the field of play without being applied, and that anyone who tried to put it into the first base -- I don't get to time, and the second base will be saving.
It was three years of 10 percent.
You know how they call a 300 in the Great Liese?
Well, really well, maybe the team of the stars.
Do you know how they call a 400 billion biologists.
By the way, that is someone that is about 10 courses, access four percent.
Leadership -- like the Lew Williams Laden Los World, the last place of Library Mars in order to get over 400 dollars in a recording temperature.
Now let's take this to my world of medicine where I feel a lot more comfortable or maybe less increasing, after what I'm going to tell you today.
They know that they have the applications and they are disappearing to a surgery that has also a 40 percent of 400 in applications.
It doesn't work, right?
Now they know that they live in a place, and one will be wanted to have two artistic artists and their family medical decision and the family of family disappears to a card whose restaurant is about 200 percent.
But you know something.
And she is better at this year.
And their areas have been 250.
This is not work.
But I would ask you.
What do you believe that you should be the average of a heart of a heart of a heart or a sub-Saharan order, from a subject or a general original?
One -- very good.
And the truth of the issue is that no one in the whole medicine knows the articles of a good surgery -- a doctor or a painting.
What we do, though, is to send it to the world, and I get it into the market of being perfect.
And I never have to have a mistake.
That was the message that I used when I was in the medicine.
And I was a computer student study.
One time, a computer in the high school said that British Galaxy studied up to a strange stage.
And so that's what that is.
I studied in my little design, in the responsibility of the Hollywood Hold in Maria, not far from here.
And I learned all of it.
And from my type of antibiotics, the organism and the moral work -- the radio of every art that comes out of the horizon, the digital difference and the not headed.
And I even met the difference of the difference about how to deal with the restaurant collective audience.
And as I got more and more knowledge.
And I was very good, and I grew up with hours with me.
And you get out of the school school with the impact that if I did everything -- then I would know everything -- or the most possible thing to do -- because this is what I was inspired by the mistakes of the errors.
And it works for a time, until I met the Green German.
I was responsible in a college hospital here, in Toronto when they brought up to the Green Sentain in the service of the company where I was working on.
At the time I was given to the cardiologist of cardiologist.
And when you choose to go to a card I got to go to that patient.
And it's going to go to the research of responsibility.
When I saw the Green Green, I was going down.
I heard a solar sound.
And when the career, I heard a software sound in both of them -- what I was invited by a concerned concerned consumer.
In these conditions the heart let you work and instead of taking the blood back to the back, the blood goes to the police, these are full of blood -- and that's why there is a hard to respond.
And it wasn't hard to disappear.
I did it and I went to work in the treatment that I would give him.
And I gave him a paradigm and medicine to add the pressure in his heart.
And I gave her a little bit of water, so I could be able to be able to get light.
And in one hour or two, she started feeling better.
And I felt very well.
And there it was when the first error, I sent it to his house.
In fact, I just put two more.
I sent it to his house without talking to the research of responsibilities.
I didn't get the phone and I did what I should have done, that it was to call my head and put it with him to see it.
And if my head would have seen it, I would have been able to make a full information.
Maybe I did it for a good right.
Maybe I did not want to be a responsibility that will be able to get constantly.
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to be able to stretch responsibility -- that I could take of my patients without even going on to my child.
The second mistakes that it was worse.
When I send her home, I didn't pay attention to a voice in my interest that said, "Good, it's not a good idea. Don't do it.
In fact, I was so excited that I was asked to the nurse that I was going to put on the Web Bronx, "Do you think it's good if you go to your house.
And the disease thought and then he said with natural nature, "Yes, I think I will be fine.
I remember that as if it was there.
And so it was that I would take the high head, and the automobile together with your house.
And I went back to the hospital room.
The rest of that day, that time, I had a bad pressure in the state.
But I kept with my work.
At the end of the day, I started to leave the hospital.
I went through the sensory service of the way to home.
And there was another subject, not the one who was from the Green Bang before, but another one told me three words -- those three words that most of the world's medical doctors will do.
Other species as well, but there is a particular particular in excited and is that we look at the particular patients.
The three words are, is it?
Do you get out of the patient that I sent to his house.
I asked the other disease with natural total.
"Well, she came back, with the same voice of voice again.
She was good.
But you go back and the edge of death.
At the end of a time to have come to his house, after I gave him the high head, I had a collaboration and his family called 99, the paradigm would bring it to the employees with a 50 percent pressure of Hollywood, which means a search search.
And I was able to write and I was blue with it.
The personal perspective is getting all their resources.
They gave them medicine to get the artificial pressure to it.
And they put an artificial research.
I was focused up and driven to the mountain.
I had a sense of feeling because after the study was in the personal temperature and I would wait against all hope that it would be.
And in the two or three days of the next few days it would never happen.
He had a drug brain disaster.
And the family is coming down.
And in eight or nine days, they came back to what was going on.
And at the end of the day, they were going to go. The Google Wall, wife and the breakthrough and the grandmother.
They say they never forget the names of the distributions.
That was my first experience.
And the next few weeks -- I came up with it and experience for the first time the financial market that there is in our medical culture, and I felt just like that, sitting out of that blood version because you can't talk to your colleagues with your colleagues to it.
You do the countries and never more than the error.
It is that sense that I left a strategy.
The marketing speed that I talk about is what makes us feel very bad for it.
It's the one that tells us not that what we did was wrong.
And that felt that.
And it wasn't for my board, he was a love.
I talked to the family and I am sure that I'm sure that I did things and you get to be sure that I wouldn't give me.
And I kept doing those questions.
Why did I not ask my picture? Why did I send her to his house.
And in my worst moment, why do you put a strange error?
Why did I choose medicine?
And it was a little bit of that feeling that it was described.
And I started feeling better.
And in one day, I was open on the sky and finally came out the sun and I asked me if I would feel better time.
And I did a deal with me in which if I cut the effort to be perfect to be perfect to not get more mistakes -- I would make those voices to do.
And so on.
I went back to work.
But it came back to happen.
Two years later, it was help in the end of the company in a community hospital to the North Mars, and I got a man from 25 years with a pain in the plan.
I was very lucky and dead.
And he came up here.
I was looking at his plan, I was a little bit collaborative.
And I would find it personalized and I sent it home.
But as he went down to the door I kept looking at his plan.
Two days later, when I was going to do my channel change, my course asked me to talk to me often in his office.
And I put the three words, right?
I remember the patient who saw for a pain in the plan?
And he came back and I didn't have a strategic failure.
I had a very moral approach called the schools.
You can see it in Google -- it's a information, not from the plan, but the goal of the surface -- and that can cause the face of those go.
He did -- I mean, it's not fascinating.
And it was adding anti-portions and it gets back to the few days.
And they took the same period of self-assembly and records, then I went back and went back to work, until it happened over and over again.
Two times in the same time in the same time, not disappearing attention.
And it is a great effort -- especially working in a hospital.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home and I don't think it's been a decade.
One of them thought that I had a relative cell.
You hear a radio rate, but it turns out -- a colleagues that was taking on the patient lost a certain sense in the bottom of the right and called the climate cell.
The other patient was with a lot of disaster.
And I heard it ready to break up and I asked my colleagues to do it.
And I did it and when I was going to know a certain sense in the bottom of the right, called the climate.
They were opened up and they got well.
But every case I was started, I was disappearing.
But I would like to tell you that I put the worst mistakes in the first five years in the first five years and as a lot of colleagues say, is a business.
The most significant things have been for the last five years.
Only and without support and supported.
And here is the problem -- if I can't read and talk about my mistakes -- if I can't find the point that it really tells me what happens to me, how can I share this with my colleagues?
How do you teach them this so that they don't eat the same errors?
If I go into a place like this, I had no idea what you think of me.
When it was the last time you heard somebody talking about favorite, after fraction, after fraction?
And of course in a while they would hear to talk about other doctors of other doctors -- but they won't listen to somebody talking about their own mistakes of them.
And if I knew and my colleagues as well.
This is the system we have.
The total notion of the errors.
This is the system that there are two positions, which they eat mistakes and the ones that are not going to sleep and the ones that I know -- the ones that have a few results and the ones that have a lot of results and the ones that have them.
And it's almost like an idea that you can start to do that person.
We have the idea that if we go from the medicine to the people who are able to eat mistakes -- will be a safe system.
But that brings two problems.
In 20 years that have been done in a personal principle of a bad doctors and doctors to learn how possible possible -- from the first article that I wrote for the Toronto State that I wrote for the Toronto Steve to my program -- "What Bob College, Bang Art, Bangalore Bang?
And what I learned is that mistakes are entertainment.
We worked in a system where the mistakes happen every day, where one of every 10 dollars in the hospital are wrong -- or distribution is not right -- in a system that the signals are increasingly more and more nuclear -- by putting cars and death.
In this country, they die 24 dollars for extra medical mistakes for you.
The U.S. University is going to be 100 percent.
In both cases, it comes out of a blood substance, because we're not teaching the problem as we should be.
And that's what things are.
A hospital system.
The pressure of the dream is all the time.
And we can't get rid of it.
We have cognitive benefits that allow us to make a perfect story of a patient with a patient in the leg.
Now, let's take at the same patient with a pain in the fish -- it comes together with the eyes of the closet and the adventure of the airplane and the support to the street, and of course, my story.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot -- I don't do things like that.
And my patients are not cars -- they don't recognize their symptoms always in the same way.
All of this, the mistakes are influenced.
So if we take the system as we taught us, and we get to all of all of the teachers that are going to do, well, it's not going to stay anything.
And with the way people don't want to talk about their most gravity.
In my program "Pole: "Why is my programmer, "Bees black, this is my worst error, and I'm going to tell you all -- from the paradigms to the character of the career cell, this is my worst error, black, white -- what are your errors?
And their students would say, they were going to go down the head and they were going to start to tell their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
They want to be able to say, "Look, they don't eat the same error."
They need a context where you can do it.
They need a medical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
The medical doctor is human -- you know human -- you know, and it doesn't get away from their mistakes -- but it is forced to learn how to teach others.
They share their experiences with them.
It's support for those who are talking about their mistakes of them.
It turns out the mistakes of other people not with the attempt of the interview to analyze it, but in a way that you can get to all of you to get being benefitized.
And I work in a medical culture that recognize that human beings are going to break the system, and when this happens -- they are being able to get errors of time at the time.
My name is British Galaxy.
I'm a principle decision.
I am human -- I have a huge thing.
And I feel a lot but I feel a lot of but I get to learn something that can transform others.
I don't know what you think of me, but I can live with that.
And let me connect with three personal words -- I remember it.
Do you know how many decisions we take a day.
Do you know how much we choose in a week.
It makes a little bit more than 2,000 people and the average amount of choice that he says to get a half a half a half a day.
It doesn't make a lot of research for a week to a week to a group of companies of companies in the world.
The researchers came up with the different tasks that are taken up by these emotions and the time they started to take decisions with those tasks.
They found that, in average, they are able to get 1960 for week.
Natural, every work even a lot of microscopes.
The half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Just about 12 percent of their time.
Now think about their choices now.
Do you know how many of you are going to look at the 19 minutes, and how many of you in the forest?
How does the way make those decisions?
So today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems of the activity, choose to the open operation.
I want to talk to you about the problem and a few possible.
As I talk about this I'm going to do a few questions and I need to know their answer.
When I do a question -- as I am blind -- you take your hand only if you want to get cars.
In another way, when you make a question, if his answer is positive by a picture of a parent.
And now my first question of the day, are you ready to hear the problem of the operation of opportunities.
Thank you.
It's going to be a study of the University of the University of Stanford, I had a very, very high level of a very, very high level at least in that time was very sophisticated at the time.
It's called David Darwin.
It was almost like going to a piece of distributions.
There was about 200 different kinds of mountain and variation, more than 500 different types of fruits and versions and about 25 percent water -- and this was when we took water water.
I would love to go to that story, but in a country I asked me, why I never buy it?
This is the state of the order of automobile.
They had more than 75 different things, including the ones that were in the box that they are in the middle of the military trees of them.
And once I decided to come to the man and I said, "Do you get this strategy to offer all of these options?
He looked at me with the flags full of teachers that came up with all the days -- usually with their camera.
We decided to do a little experiment with the members. This is the therapy here.
So it is.
They had 36 different kinds of stuff.
We tried a poster to say, right to the stream of the store.
We put up the size of six shows, or about 24 different seats, and we look at two different things, first of what people were willing to stop to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try
More people were decided when there was 24 -- a 60 percent when there was only six -- a 40 percent.
We also look at what case they were more likely to buy a piece of members.
Here we find the opposite effect here.
The ones that were given when there was 24 -- only three percent came to buy memorial.
And what they were going on when there were six -- we saw that 30 percent.
If we do the careers, the people had six times more likely to buy media if they found six than if they found 24 than if they found it.
Well, to decide that we didn't buy a market we probably become a good way to take the line, but it turns out that the problem of the order of choices will affect us in a good desktop decisions in it.
We decided not to say, even though this doesn't get us.
Now the issue of the day, the financial save now.
I'm going to describe a study that I did with Google Harry, Stage Katie and West Japan, where we look at the decisions on save for a million Americans from a million Americans -- from about 500 percent of this country.
We were interested in looking at if the number of forces are available in the planets of savings for savings, the 400-year-old program.
And we found that there was actually a correlation.
We had 750 plants that were coming from two -- to 18 different choices.
And we found that the bigger the number of forests -- there were less particular.
So if you look at the extremes, we see that in the plants that offer two forces, the particular rate was about 70 or more, not as high as you want.
And in the plants that they offer about 60 percent, the particular rate has done to the personal person.
It turns out that even if you decided to participate -- when there are more choices -- even in that case, there are negative knowledge.
So for the ones that they decided to participate -- how much bigger it was the number of choices -- more people were used by avoid the activities or the foreign forests.
In the way there would be more choices -- they were more willing to invest in the financial consequences of market.
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we would have to do to support the very financial financial finance.
In the last decade we've seen three main negative consequences in order to offer more and more possible.
The most likely thing is that they will make the decision -- that you do it even when this is going in against the inside of it.
It's more likely to take the worst decisions -- in the end and in the health.
They are more likely to pick out things less silk, even though you get better.
The main reason is that we get to look at that number of military gender search, man, but we are not able to do the cells to compare and to connect and choose from that extraordinary experiment.
So today I want to protect you four simple techniques that we have taught -- in a way or another one, in different research, so that they can teach in their business.
The first one is, Carol.
You have heard it before, but it has never been more true than today, which is less is more.
People are always used when I say, "I will come up.
They were worried about losing space in the audience.
But actually what we're looking at more and more is that if you decided to be able to cut up, you can get out of strange operations, there will be an increase in the voices, and they will have a better experience in the education.
When I went out of the Google Park of 2010 different kinds of Hello -- Shakespeare to 15 -- they saw a 10 percent of the 10 percent of them.
And when the College College came up with the products for cars of cars that are less that we are going to come up, they were based on the users in 2010, by two causes -- the biggest voices and the less costs of it.
You know that the survival of today, in the average is about 45 percent.
And in a teenager of London they get up to 100 percent.
But the most large neighborhood in the current world is Allen and it just shows only 1,000 products -- a kind of task task.
In the world of the financial search, I think that one of the best examples that have come up with how to make better choices is the price of David Landian, the Hollywood program program of Harvard.
And all of the Hollywood companies are accepted to a sense of life.
And you really want to do it, they are going to give them 20 forests, not 300 or more.
You know that often people say, "I don't know how to cut up.
All of these are important opportunities.
And the first thing I do is to ask the employees, "The differences that there are between those options.
And if their employees can't differences it, you can't do their careers?
This task -- before I started to start this service, I was talking to Gandhi.
He said to me that I would be willing to offer people from this audience for a little bit of a paradigm to the most beauty of the world.
So here, a description.
I want you to read it.
I'm going to leave a few seconds to read it, and then I want you to give you a story if you're ready to take the object of Garden.
(Audience: Well, anyone who is ready to accept the open.
They're not more, right?
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew there was a tradition.
Who is ready for that journey?
I think it was actually going to hear more hand.
All right.
In fact, you had more information in the first barrier, which in the second one, but I can go to me and say they thought that the second time was more real.
Because the images made it more real.
And this brings me to the second technology to make the problem of the operation of choices that is construction.
For people to understand the differences between choices -- they have to understand the consequences of every night, and the consequences have to feel very life, very confident.
Why do people spend 15 to 30 to 30 percent more in the average when they use decades of dark or crime, that when you use effective?
Because it doesn't seem real money.
It turns out to make it more real. It can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
So we did a study with San Berlin and Saturday Prison, on the personal person who was working in Indian -- these people were in a meeting in which they were used to a plan 400.
At that time, that we had exactly as a cartoon, we did a little adult.
What we came up with was that we took the person to think about the positive things that would happen in their lives if they save more money.
With this mission there was an increase in the authority of 20 and an increase in the amount that they were interested in saving or in what they wanted to put in their search stories, from four percent.
The third techniques is Carol.
We can make more cars than opportunities.
So for example, this is a study that we did in a piece of researchers.
And we saw that in the survival of the coral coral over the north of the north, the exponential experience can continue from 375 different kinds of different types to 66.
But you know?
Because the climate is actually telling me how to do it.
These are two training experiments.
One called "The "Millery, "The Sunday, "The Stone."
If you think of the left of the left is Stanford and the right of the right is Japan, you get a parent.
(Audience: Well, there are some of them.
If you think of the left of the left is Japan and the right of the right is Steven, you get a parent.
Well, something else.
It turns out it's right.
The left of the left is Japan and the right is Stanford. But you know something.
This state of control is totally universal.
The cars have to do something to the electrons, not to the decisions.
You often look at this problem with those huge list of forms.
What are they inspired?
My fourth career, construction the computer.
It turns out that we can make a lot more information than what we think, if we just make it a little bit.
We have to increase the complicated complexity up.
I'm going to show you an example of what I want to say.
Let's look at a very complicated decision -- the company of a car.
So this is a strange train of cars that allows us to be able to be able to be able to perform it.
You have to take 60 decisions to bring the car down.
And these decisions come in the number of choices that offer each one.
Colors, color color of the car -- I have 65 possibilities.
Mosque, bottom of changes -- four choices.
What I'm going to do is to look at the order in which the decisions are.
So half of the cells are going to go from a lot of choices -- 75 colors -- a few couples -- four cars ago.
The other half of the creatures are going to go out of a little bit of opposite, four cars -- at the age of 25 colors -- a lot of opportunities.
And what am I going to look like?
So what is so involved with you.
If you move up the battle of the design in every decision -- this means that they are applied, or it is, we're losing them.
We found that the ones that are going from a lot of choices to a little bit of a little bit of a disaster and again, and again, and another time.
We lost them.
If you go from a lot of choices to many, they get there.
The same information, the same number of choices itself.
And the only thing I did was to take the order in which the information.
If we start with the easy, you learn to explore.
And even though the character box is not to say anything about the pressure of the inside of the inside of the inside of the inside of the inside of the inside of the inside that we can get to choose us.
We get a product that we are building that we now have a lot over the process.
In order to respond.
I've been talking about four techniques to measure the problem of the opposition of opportunities, Carolina, to be able to get extraordinary antibiotics, control, to make it real -- Congress, we can make a lot more cars with less choices with less options.
All of these techniques that I've been interested to help them be designed to help us improve the antibiotics, or better for you, to use them in their issues.
It's that I think the key to get the best of an choice is being made out of the electron.
And the more citizens we will be in our best choice we can predict the art of choose it.
Thank you very much.
In the years, in the United States, if you had a computer machine I had to get it to the government of the government.
He had to be able to remember an example of an example with the machine.
And this is what the government would be able to reduce the terrorists of the texts.
If you found a write with the right message that you might be able to break up to the origin of the idea.
In the West we don't know that somebody could do this, the very much thing that this is going to look at the freedom of experience.
We will never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2010, if you buy a color company from any big and a page -- that page will end up to have a little bit of a bit of the wonderful places in every page that follow a pattern that makes them own from one and their printer.
That's happening today.
And nobody seems to make a lot of this.
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology against us, the cities.
And it's one of the three main causes of problems in the network.
If you look at what happens in the world in the line we can add the attention to their applications.
There are three main groups.
They're the cells.
Like the States.
The mobile cell is very easy to understand it.
These guys make money.
They use a lot of money to make a lot of money.
There are really a lot of millions of millions of millions of million of them in line -- multiple, who made money with their articles.
This is Valley Toringo, from Tasmania, State.
This is Alliance Gore.
This is Steven Walker.
This is Boston Sun.
These are Mars Anderson: Tasmanian Arabic etc.
These guys do their forms in line -- but they do it for environmental media to bring money from our own.
The secret service of the United States -- two months ago, controlled the Sun Street of this size, San Japan, and this question had 1,000 million dollars when it was confident.
The Street.
And I say that today is more likely than any of us is coming out of a brain than a real crisis.
And it is very obvious that this is going to be bad in worse one.
In the future, most of them will happen in line.
The second group of artists in importance that we see today is not moved by the money.
There is another thing that makes them, they put them into the protocells, they put them into the operations, they make the rates.
groups like American have developed in the last 12 months running a role in the attacks in line.
Those are the three main applications, the creatures that do it for money, the children like American who do it to protect and the last group are the national states that they do.
And then we see cases like Democratic Democratic.
That is a good example of global attack against their own cities.
Discovery is a concern of the countries of the Countries or actually it was.
It will tell the last one of the last one because of a coral.
They supported the security of the site and they lost a brain.
The last week I said, in a meeting with the general government, I asked one of the leaders if they were able to put the death of people in the attack to Delish.
And the answer of him was yes.
So how do people die from an attack of this?
Discovery is a concerned authority.
They sell consumers.
Why do you look at the consumers?
Well, you need if you have a website with hospital.
And I felt that they are going to get an amazing corruption activity.
And they are going to get conflict consumers.
And in the case of Dicken happened exactly that.
And what happened in the Arab Prison, and those things that have happened for example, for example, in Edison?
Well, in effect, the manufacturers took the seat of the police of the social police in top of 2010, and during the subject of the building -- they found a lot of pieces that they found out.
And between those patients were this called "The "The Philippiness.
And within that heart there were notes of a company with simplified stations in Germany, that had seen the government emotional government to interact the communities of the citizens of the country.
And they had seen this tool for 200,000 dollars to the emotional government.
The set of company is right here.
Or it is, the Western governments are going to get tools to the total governments to do this to their cities.
But the Western governments are also doing this to themselves.
For example, in Germany, just a couple of weeks ago, it was a couple of weeks to be used by the supply of the government government to come to their own cities.
If you are sustainable in a really good case, it's pretty obvious that their phone is interacting.
But today it goes beyond there.
You get the connection to the Internet.
They will use even tools like the Santa Street to identify our computer with a train to allow them to see all the communication and listen to the lines in line to get our data.
When we think about things like these the obvious answer should be like, "Well, it looks like a bad thing, but it actually doesn't affect me because I'm a home city.
Why is it worrying?
I don't have anything to be driving.
And that argument doesn't make sense.
It's in play.
The private is not discovered.
It's not a question of the private against the security of the security against the security of the security against the security of the security against the security of the security against the security of the security of the security against the security of the security against the security of the security.
It's about the freedom against control against control.
If we could focus on our governments today in 2010, any right that we come back today, is going to be.
Do we be able to consider in any future government in an adventure that we could have within 50 years?
These are the questions that have to worry about the next 50 years.
This is where I live -- I live in Kenya.
These are the vaccines of my dad at the end of the paradigm, and behind the black, the National Park of National.
The National National National Park has no close in the most part of the dream -- what it means that animals are going to be clearly outside of the party.
And demonstrations, like the legs, and this is what they do.
It takes our galaxy.
This is one of the ones that killed on the night, and so soon we get up in the morning and we found it a lot of dead to me because it was the only thing we have.
My community, the morning, we think we came from the sky with our animals and all the land to protect them, and that's why we get them so much of them.
So I grew up by getting a lot of the leaders.
They move them are war to protect our community.
So let me take you.
This is one of the six lessons that killed in Nata.
I think that there are so few at the National National Park of National.
A child in my community, at the age of nine to nine years -- it's responsible for his father and this was the same thing that happened to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to use fire because I thought that the lessons were afraid of them.
But I realized that this is actually not just that it was not going to be, because I even helped the lessons to look at the state of it.
I did not get me.
A second idea was to use a space.
I was trying to get the lessons to believe that I was close to the state.
But the lessons are very smart --  They came up with the first day and they saw the shoes, but the second day, but the second day, they went back and said, this thing is not moving -- it's always here.  So they went up and died animals.
So one night I was walking around the state with a street and that day the leaders didn't come in.
And I found out that the lessons have fear of light that is moving up.
So I had an idea.
And I got a interaction with the one that will learn and play the lights out.
And this is a little line of a rocket line.
It will take everything.
And as you can see, the solar skin has the bacteria and the battle of the electricity to the little indicated box -- I call it a transition.
And the industrial box makes the lights go out.
As you can see, the blocks go out out there, because that's where you come to them.
And that's how you see it when you come from night.
The lights are going on and they get the lessons to think that I'm walking on the stage, but I'm running on my face.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago, and since then, we never got to have problems with them.
And the home houses have the idea.
One of them.
She had taken a lot of animals and asked me if I could put the lights out.
I said yes.
You can see it -- you can see the bottom -- these are the lights for leaders.
Since then, I've been inspired in seven houses in my community and they're looking a lot.
And my idea is also used right now for all Kenya, to deal with other designers like the stories, letter, and it's also being used in order to be used in the failures.
And thank you to this invention -- I had the force of getting a baby in one of the best school school schools in Kenya Stanford, and I'm very excited about it.
My new school right now is helping us to go up and be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get forests and to be able to connect up.
I even took my friends to my community and we put lights in the houses that don't have them, and I teach them how to put them.
So a year ago, it was just a child in the pressure of the story in the state of my father, and it used to be able to go back to fly up, and he told me that some day would be within one.
And here I'm here.
I got the opportunity to come into the first time to TED.
My great dream is going to be an engineering and pilot and picture when I grew up.
I used to get the legs, but now as my invention is coming back to the voices of my dad and the legs, we can be with the leaders without any conflict without any conflict of it.
You know, what in my language means -- thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine how exciting it is to listen to a story like you.
So I got a Dr. Richard Turkey, Yeah.
CA: You are working on other electric research.
What's the next one in your list?
RB: My next invention is -- I want to do a close climate. CA: A country electronics?
RB: I know that they had been invented by the electric courses, but I want to do the me.
CA: So I tried it once again, right? RB: I've tried it before, but because I got a card.  CA: At the end of the car.
We are going to go in every step that you do, friend me.
Thank you very much. RB: Thank you very much.
When I was small, I thought my country was the best of the planet.
And I grew up with a song called "No engineering nothing."
And I felt very proud of me.
In school, we put all the time by studying the story of Michael Green -- but we never learned a lot of the rest of the world, except that America -- Japan of the Sun, Japan are the engineers.
Even though sometimes I asked me about the rest of the world, I thought I would spend all my life in North America until it all changed it up.
When I was seven years old, I saw my first public education.
But I thought my life in North America was normal in North America.
My family was not poor and I was never going on.
But one day, in 1998, my mom brought home a letter of my sister of my sister of my sister of my sister of my sister of my sister of my sister of my sister of my sister of my sister of my sister of my sister of my sister of my sister of my sister of my sister of my sister of my sister of my sister of my
And he said, "When you read this, the five members of the family will stop being in this world, because we have not food in the two weeks last week.
We are recognized together in the floor and our bodies are so disappear, that we're ready to die?
I was very straight.
It was the first time I heard that people were happening in my country.
A little bit of time, when I walked up front of the train school, I saw something terrible that I can't run out of my memory of me.
A woman without life was dead in the street -- supported a little kid in his arms looking at the face of his mother without able to do anything.
No one would help them, because they were very concerned about taking themselves and their family.
And a huge man in North America at the middle of the news.
At the end, more than a million neurons died during the horse, and just a few of them were going to start by eating passion, insects and correct coral.
They also became more and more freedom of energy, all my around it was completely distributed in the night in the night of the sea of the sea in China, and they are just growing the area from my house.
I always asked me why they had light and us.
This is a signal picture of North America in the night in the night in the night of the neighborhood.
This is the Arab Art, which is the limit of the North and China.
As you can see, the robot can be very successful in certain dots -- allowing us to grow signals.
But many die.
Sometimes you see bodies running in the area.
I can't pick up the details of how I came out of the North County of North America, but I can only say that for the years of the horse was sent to China to live with a little bit.
But I just thought it would be sitting from my family for a short time.
I could never have imagine that I would take 14 years back to live together.
In China, it was hard to live as a young woman without my family.
I had no idea what life would be like as a normal research.
But soon I learned that it's not just extremely difficult -- but also dangerous because the normal researchers in China were constructive income consequences.
And so I was living with a whole fear of that my identity was recorded, and it would be recorded to a horrible design in North North North America.
One day, my worst electrode was actually made up by the Chinese police and they were interested in the police of police state.
Some of me had been used to be normal, then they took my skills in the Chinese language and made me a lot of questions.
I was attacked.
I thought my heart was going to explain it.
If it doesn't seem nature, it could be straight and depressed.
I thought my life was going to end up.
But I got to control my emotions and answer the questions.
At the end of the interaction an office said to each other, this was a fantastic record. She's not normal.
And they let me go. It was a military.
Some of us in China are looking for the entire entrepreneurship in the extraordinary world.
But many of you can be surrounded by the Chinese police and described.
These women had a lot of survival.
And even though they would have it, they were essentially ready after an international pressure price.
These neurons didn't have so much.
Every year -- every single year, they are connected in China and described in North China in the North County, where they are.
And even though I was lucky in starting, many other farmers have not had so much.
It is transformative that the British has to take their identity and fight so hard just to survive it.
Even after learning a new language and finding work -- all his world can take in a strong.
This is why I was 10 years of taking my identity -- I've decided to be able to go back to South Carolina.
And I started a new life again.
It was going to be a much larger challenge of what I would expect to.
The English was very important in South America, I had to start learning my third language.
I also understood that there was a great gap between North and Sustain.
We are all corresponds, but by the way, we've got to be very different because of 70 years of discoveries.
They even love a creativity of identity crisis.
I'm a suburbian or normal?
Where am I me? Who am I is?
In fact, there was no country that I could call the protection of me.
And even though I went to the life in South America was not easy -- I started to study for the end of income to the universe.
Just when I started to kill my new life, I got a call and I got a called an all the way to be a cartooning called.
The University of North America was going to get a little bit of money that I sent to my family, and as a care, my family was going to be delivered to the force to a strategic company in the outside.
They had to take it out of implication.
And so I started to plan how to help them go up.
And the British has to travel long distance in the way to the freedom.
It is almost impossible to grow the face between North America and North Court.
So, I took a set of China to China and I started to the front of the North County.
Because my family could not talk to you, I had to get them, in a way, for more than three miles through China and then through the South Australia.
And the journey in cars took a week, and we were almost used several times.
Once again, our car was stop and addressed by an office of the Chinese audience.
He asked the idea of all of them and started doing questions.
As my family couldn't understand Chinese -- I thought my family was going to be an application.
When the Chinese office went up to my family and I started my family and I said to me that they were an amazing people who was going on.
And I looked at me, but I really believe me.
We did all the way to the front of Latin.
But I had to spend almost all of my money to run up the freedom flowers in Latin.
But even after I went through the framework, my family was cut up and able to grow up the whole freedom of the freedom.
After pay a lot of morality and short, my family was free in a month.
But at the time, my family was cut up and shared again in the career of Latin Charles.
This was one of the most low points in my life.
I did everything to go to my family -- and we were so close to me, but my family was responded in practice to the corner of the South Court of the South Court.
I went up and I came between the organization of the police and the police of the police and the police of police -- trying to deal with my family.
But I didn't have enough money to pay more original or a lot.
I lost the hope.
At that time, or the voice of a man question, "What is the problem?
I was so surprised that a design is going to question.
With my English English and with a disaster, I would explain the situation -- and without that, the man was at the automatic box and he gave me the rest of the money for my family and for other two nations and to get them out of prison.
I thank you all my heart, and I asked him, "Why do I help me?
I'm not helping you, he said.
I'm helping the normal people."
I realized that that was a similar moment in my life.
And the access is a new hope for me and for the normal village when we needed it.
And I showed you that the bottom of the discoveries and the support of the international community is really the hope of hope that the normal people needs it.
With the time, after our long journey -- my family and I went back in the South Court.
But you can get their freedom to just half the battery.
A lot of norms are sitting out of their families and when they took a new country, they start with a little bit of money.
So, we can benefit from the international community with education -- the energy of the English language -- and more.
We can also act as a bridge between people inside North America and the rest of the world.
Because many of us keep in contact with families still before, and we take information and money that is helping to change North County from the inside of it.
I've been very lucky -- I've got a lot of help and inspired in my life, so I want to help give you a chance to provide an international support with it.
I am sure you're going to see more and more North British all over the world, including in the TED.
Thank you.
I live in the Sun Surreasure.
So this is Central Sun, tensions of lights, fast food, faith forests.
And so the patterns of the city are coming together and thought, we're going to change the name of center Center so that they would remember something else -- so they changed them to the English Angeles, as if this is really wrong in the city.
This is the English Angeles.
At the same thing like 26 million other Americans -- live in a piece of food, the Angeles Center Super House, home of food places to bring and eat in the car.
The question is that the food places to get more people than the food in the car.
People are moving out of dark diseases in the Angeles Center Center.
For example, the rate rate in my neighborhood is five times older than say, "Bellet History, which is about 15 miles away.
I get to see that this happened.
And I ask me, how would you feel if you didn't have access to food food, and if every time you go out of how you go out of how you see the effects that the food food system has in their neighborhood?
I look at the supermarkets of supermarkets and sell them as cars used as cars.
I look at the center of doctor disasters like Stanfords.
And I think this has to be.
I think the problem is the solution.
The food is the problem and it's the solution.
In addition to me, I was going to take about 45 minutes of life, and it comes to buy a back that you don't have paradigm.
And what I did, was to plant a forest of food in front of my house.
In a land of land we call a land.
It's about 45 to three me.
The point is, it comes to the city.
But you have to keep it.
I said to me, "Well, I can do what I come in with me, because it's my responsibility and I have to keep it.
This was how I decided to keep it.
And so my group and I, Lady. Green Green -- we put up and we started to plan our food of food trees -- you know, you know, the new whole very whole new versions.
What we do, we are a kind of a group of particular parent in the way of all the process, from all the city and completely volunteer, and everything we do is flower.
And the barrier, I was beautiful.
And then someone goes down.
And the city is right on the course of me and they actually gave me a climate saying that I had to be able to reduce my barrier, the circum became a dramatic order to me.
And I was like, let's go in right?
A police order to put food in a piece of land that no one matter.  And so I was like, "Well, I was like.
Because this time wasn't going to happen.
Law. Times had the story written by Steve Lead, and I talked to the concern and one of the members of Green Greens, who put a piece in China, with 300 pounds -- we were a success.
We had the video in our hands.
My concern even called to say that they would break up and understand what we were doing.
I mean, you know, why not?
Liberia, is the city of the United States with more banking terrible.
It has 70 miles of balloons of balloons.
That equivalent to 20 percent.
That is enough space to plan 450 million plants.
Why don't you look good at this?
It will take a plant to give a little bit of a thousand sections.
When a dollar dollars will give you 75 dollars.
It's my humanity, when I say to people, your own food.
It will change your own food is how to print your own money.
You see, I have a legacy for center South.
I grew up there.
I got to be part of this reality reality that was married for me, and I'm going to make my own reality.
You see, I'm art.
The free is my graph, I care my art.
And as a graph art -- which is experienced by shoes, I get straight streams, and you know, the streams.
I use the land, the land -- as a piece of leading, and the plants and the trees and the trees and the trees and the trees are my environment.
And they would be surprised to see what the land can do if you leave it to be your own.
You just can't imagine how amazing it is that it is a strategic and how it affect people.
What happened?
I'm kind of afraid of how my husband became a tool of education, of my neighborhood.
To change the community, you have to change the compassion of the Earth.
We're the Earth.
They would be surprised to look at the kids.
The article is the most terrible and the professional act that you can do, especially in a brand.
Also, you get free.
I remember a market, who came up with a mother and his daughter -- they were like 1850 of the night and they were in my land, and they were going to look at a lot of approved.
I thought, well, I felt bad that they were there, and I said, you know, you don't have to do this like this.
This is in the street for a right.
And I felt like you see people who were so close to me, and this is only about why I do this, people ask me, "Well, don't you fear that people are going to run your food?
And what I say, "Oh God no, I don't have fear that you're going to reach it.
That's why it is in the street.
That's what this is about.
I want you to take it, but at the same time, I want you to take your health.
There was another thing that I put a land in a record in the center of the Angeles Center.
They were these kinds of guys who would help me reduce the way.
It was fascinating, I was shared by their stories about how this had done it, and how they used to plan with their mom and his grandmother, and it was a great thing to see how this changed them, so it was just for a moment.
This is how Google Green has come to plan maybe 20 and a lot of cars.
We've had -- as about 50 people who come in, they work and participate -- all of them in the virus plan.
If the kids are collecting collaboration, the kids will eat collaboration.
If you grow tools, they eat tasks.  But if nothing of this is taught -- if you don't teach them how the food is the mind and the body and the body, they eat blind to what they put them in front of it.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing where they are applicated. I see the color kids that are in this way designed for them, that they don't bring them to any side.
By the way, I see an opportunity where we can train these kids that are used from their communities to have a sustainable life.
And when we do this, who know?
Maybe the next George Washington Carros.
But if we don't change the Earth, we will never do it.
Now this is one of my plants, this is something I want to do.
I want to plant all of a car car, where people can share food.
I want to take you together and turn it into health careers.
I don't get me.
I'm not talking about free things because it is not sustainable.
And the top of sustainability, is that you have to use it.
So what I talk about is to get to work to people, to take the kids out of the street -- that you know the galaxy, the proud and the honor of the current of their own food, and you have to go up with farmers of factories.
What I want to do here, we need to make it sex here.
I want you all all to become a company in exploration, stores, flowers here.
We have to change the gravity of what is a gas.
If you're not a flight, you're not a gas.
And the expectations take their back out?
And that is your article of choice to it.
And in surface, if you want to go to me, well, if you want to see me, you don't call me if you want to sit in a little bit of the cars and have resources to talk about doing some of them -- to talk about doing some microscope.
If you want to see, you come back to the bar with their peace so that we can plant something out.
Audience: Thank you.
Thank you.
(Audience:   (And magical --  -- probably all of you will agree with me in which this is a very nice career.
It's made out of a stranger, and the article is a good material to control, but it doesn't always be in days like today, which it takes a lot.
You can have a great amount of water in the article that she survives.
And especially if you're going to move in their biology and these cars -- that is not very absolute.
In addition to it, you can do a lot of noise.
It's a nice material and if we build cars, like in the countries, very close to cities -- we would want a silence car.
And the solution for that is to do a little bit of particular approach.
You know, a material that we use now in most of the cars of the countries in the Banks -- it has places and the water can go through it, so the whole water water will fly into the side and you will have a car that it's easy to do, and they will not be able to leave water.
The noise is also going to stay in these planes.
Because it is very huge, all the noise will be -- so it is a very nice career.
It also has discussions, of course, and the demonstration of this car is that you can get up.
What is it to do? You see that in this heart the surface of the surface are coming out.
First of all, you get a lot more and more and more and more, and then you don't do that.  But you can give her the shoes, and you will not be happy with that.
And finally, this can also take more and more data.
Sometimes you can create cars with that.
There it is.
Bases, of course, you can become a problem, but we have a solution.
Here you can actually see how the day comes up in this materials.
This is a piece of party, as I said, so it only has a small amount of adventure between them.
Because of the interface, at the U.S. light -- the operation, this bank, this bank, the painting between the roots, and if you get it, you will be made and you get my missions and you will be sending from the applications.
So if you take on the career, you will get the applications, as we saw it here.
So to solve this problem, we think about activists of authority.
If we can make this material look like, then we probably have a solution.
And so what we can do is to use a little bit of acceleration, from that to clean strategies, and we can cut on the top of a little bit of very small -- and we can make those little pieces with the baby.
And so we have a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of high lab in it.
Then you need a machine -- like the one you see here, that you use to connect -- a care machine.
Institution can care, especially the article, is very good at that.
And so what you have to do is carry the boat, to break the baby, the beauty is going to flow for these microbes and the skills will go back to the surface.
So today I used a little bit of microbes, because I can't bring the great computer machine here at the stage here.
This is a similar system.
I put the show up, which I'm now going to do to see what happened.
This is the show that comes out now.
I said that we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to be able to get the shows out.
We tried a lot of shows there and then the government -- you really saw our results and they thought, "Well, that's very interesting. We have to try it.
So they gave us a piece of career, 400 feet of the authority at the 2010 that we had to do a piece of trial to test this materials.
So that was what we did there. You see where we were doing the test test in it, and then, of course, this ability to give several years without any day. That's what we know about the process.
We take a lot of shows of this car and we test them in the lab.
We made the shows, we put a lot of cars in them, we put them up with our research machine.
We can reduce this a lot of times.
Well, in order to tell you, I can tell you that we have done a material using a matter of activity, including these forms, using these forms, using the energy energy of the surface of the card, they can even give us the life of the surface of the surface -- it will actually save a lot of money with very simple ways.
And now, of course, they have about if this also works.
We still have the show here. It's quite correct.
In fact, you have to make the first before I can show you how it comes into the recording.
But I'm going to do a treatment.
Let's see that. Yes, work.
Thank you.
When I was 11 years old, I remember having a morning with the sound of the audience in my house.
My father was listening to Bill News in his little gravity radio.
I had a great state in his face that was unusual in those time, because the news are really depressed.
"The streets were going on, I got my father up.
I didn't know what it meant but I could see that my father was very, very happy.
"I know you can go to a real school, he said.
One morning I never forget for.
A real school.
You see, I was six years old when the streams came from Afghanistan.
For the next five years, I was seen as a child to help my brother sister -- that I couldn't be only outside -- to go to a secret school.
It was the only way that the two could be employed.
Every day, we had a different rock so that no one could sound where we were going on.
We had to take the books in the market of the market for the market to look that we were going to be able to get out of food.
The school was in a house, more than 100 percent of us.
It was open in the investment, but it was extremely healthy in the way.
We all knew that we had our lives.
And so in the time, the school was made up of a week, because the streams started.
We always asked what they knew about us.
Would you be sitting?
Did you know where we live.
We were all there, but yet, the school was where we wanted to be.
I was very lucky to grow up in a family where education was responsible and the children a teacher.
My grandmother was an extraordinary man for his time.
A total infection of a recording profession of Afghanistan -- Indian in that his daughter, my mother, went to school, and that's why his father did it.
But my mother was turned out to be transported.
This is it.
It will take two years ago, just to become our house in school for girls and women of our neighborhood.
And my father, this is, it was the first one of his family to get education.
There was no doubt that their kids had to get education, even their children, despite the stores, despite the risks of the risks to do.
For him, there was a bigger risk in not to choose his children.
For the years of the tasks, I remember that there were moments in which I was very lucky by our life and I was always supported and I didn't see a future.
I wanted to go up, but my father said, "Hey, he said, "You can lose everything you have in life.
You can break your money. You can share your house for a war.
But there's one thing that will always be with you, what is here and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we will do it.
So, even if you want not to continue?
I'm 25 years old.
I grew up in a country that has been described by war.
less than six percent of the women in my age have more than the bank, and if my family had not been so excited with my education, I would be one of them.
And in change, I found me here to get up in Maria College.
When I went back to Afghanistan -- my grandmother -- the one that was excited of his home for the value of education to his children, was one of the first ones to happy.
He didn't just get away from my college text, but also that I was the first woman, and I'm the first woman, which I put it through the streets of Karah.
My family believe in me.
I dream in big, but my family has even bigger dreams for me.
This is why I am the global mass of 1990, a global field to identify women.
This is why I considered U.N. -- the first and perhaps the only private school for girls in Afghanistan -- a country that is still risk for girls going to school.
The exciting thing is that I see students in my school with the strong stop to make the opportunity.
And I see their parents and their families that, as the minds, they are going to stop and even in front of a distributed choice.
Like Texas. It's not his real name -- and I can't show you his face, but let me show you the father of one of my students.
It makes less than one month ago, he and his daughter went from the way from Santa towards his village to his village to his village -- and literally they were used by a battle in the way, for minutes.
When you get home, they are the phone -- a voice that if I keep sending his daughter to school, they will go back to it.
"My "Morby, if you want -- he said, "But not giving the future of my daughter for his old and recorded ideas.
What I've given me about Afghanistan -- and it's something that is often forgetting in the West -- is that behind most of those who we have, there is a father who recognize the value of their daughter and that you see the success of her own its own success of it.
It doesn't mean that our mothers have not been key in our success.
In fact, they actually are the first construction in the front of their children, but in the context of a society like Afghanistan -- we need the support of men.
The streets, the girls that went to school are in hundreds of people, remember, was incredible.
But today, over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan looks so different from here in the U.S.
I found the Americans see the private of change.
And I fear that these changes don't do a lot after the U.S. training.
But when I went back to Afghanistan when I look at students in my school and his parents who are running for them, that you see them -- I see a professional future and a hard change.
For me, Afghanistan is a country of hope.
As I me, they get in a big.
Thank you.
I've never forget the words of my grandmother who died in the experience, "Hello, it was responding to Galaxy. He started with him.
But you never come back a Google Galaxy.
They have spent almost two years since the real revolution is inspired by the supply of mass movies as much of the economic revolution as the emotion.
A force with a lot of other books -- in and outside of the country to call one day and to get a revolution against the terrorist of Galaxy.
And we did it -- it was a great revolution.
women and young young men were in the view, including the each one of the research, and by the way.
They have shown a value to be able to be able to be able to be able to figure out the barrier of Galaxy.
They have shown a great sense of sound from the Middle Earth, to the sun, to the sun.
And finally, after a period of six months of black war and a lot of about 50 percent, we managed to deal with our country and give the temperature.
However, Galaxy left a little bit of the land -- a little bit of the task, corruption and searching services.
For four decades -- the terrible size of Galaxy developed the infrastructure and the culture and the moral structure.
And of course of the democracy and the challenges -- I want to do a lot of other women -- to get a lot of other women -- by taking a bit of the little bit of a little bit of a terrible transportation, and just to the democracy and the national relationship.
They were used about 200 organizations in Benjamin during it, and immediately after the each of Galaxy -- about 300 in Test.
After a 3D period of exploration, I went back to Life and with a unique environment, I started to order to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
With an incredible group of women we were working on the Park of women in the Pilot, a movement of women -- leaders of women -- leaders -- to be able to open for the social car of the woman and by our right side in the building of democracy.
I found me with a very difficult environment in the professional period -- an environment that was increasingly passionate, which is made out of the political policy and excited.
With the time, our intelligence was presented and successful.
The women would make a 160 percent of the National Center in the first 25 years.
However, a little bit of the electricity and the revolution as a everything -- they were depressing, all the days we found violence news.
And one day we get up with the news of the distribution of the old member of the ancient markets and the supermarkets of superstractions.
Another day I came up with the news of the American employee and the authority to the control.
Another day we get up with the news of the organism of the organism of the electrode.
And every day, every day we fall up with the government of the military and their blood conditions of the human rights and their lack of rest of the law.
Our society, it form by a recently recently, and it has gone away from the ideas and the early principles and the fire of freedom, the social substantial, that we had at the beginning.
The interface, the employment and the speed turned into the consequences of the revolution.
I'm not here today to inspire you with our story of the success of the "light of the "light of the control of the "light of the control of the "light of the control of the "light of the control of the "light of the control of the "light of the "light of the control of the "light of the "light of the control of the "light of the "light
So I'm here today to trust us that us, as a nation -- we got wrong -- we take the wrong decision.
We don't make well.
Because the choice didn't bring the peace and the sound and the security to Life.
The list of the ready and the article between the careers and the careers brought peace and the national recording."
No, they didn't do.
What happened then.
Why is it why our society is still passionate and disappearing with political policy and excited, so much for men like women?
Maybe what it was not just women, but the financial values of compassion and musicians.
Our society needs the national pain and creating more than it needed the elections -- that only reduce the police and the discovery.
Our nation needs the quality of how much more than you need to need the nuclear and the control of it.
We need to let sure how to move up and call it a driver day.
We need to start to act as a compassion of compassion and microbes.
We have to develop a female distribution, which not just house, but also put it in practice instead of the view, the color rather than the company, the even instead of the employment.
These are the ideas that a Life, destroyed by the war -- it needs the end of the end of the painting.
Because the peace has a village that comes out of intelligence and antibiotics between the family people and the magical people.
That is the real crime.
We need to be able to get that in an extraordinary way before we do it in the social way.
In fact, with a version of the College County, Perrain, it's the word of the God God, "The "more," "The company."
At the time, the word "free?
And so the same thing that the theory is completely the environment, which grew up inside the national compassion of the nuclear compassion all the existence of it.
So this is what it tells us is, my microscope is all the things.
This is what it comes to us, my microscope is on my street."
And you can all tell you the thank you of the microscope.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk about a strong question -- which has an answer that has a very incredible answer.
It's about the secret of the political violence and the question that I'm going to do is the one that you all do, why do she be looking?
Why was someone to stay with a man who paids?
I'm not a patient, no social work, no social violence in the data.
I'm just a woman with a story that will tell you.
I was 24 years old, I had been able to read in the University of Harvard.
I had moved to New York for my first work as a writing and education in the Senate Security.
I had my first approach, my first green green Arctic America, and I had a very big secret of it.
My secret was that a lot of times, a lot of times, the man who created my grandmother sound, I was sent to the head.
The man, which I loved more than no one in this world, I put a piece in my head and threat in my head.
I'm here for you to tell you the story of "The "last love -- a patient distribution, where they take every year millions of women, and even some men.
It could be your story.
I didn't look like a sense of the moral violence.
I am ready in English from the University of Harvard and I have a MRI in the Wall Red Senate Saturn.
I've spent most of my career working for companies in the list of the list "French 500,000 of them and John Bang and the Washington Pole.
It took almost 20 years ago with my second husband and we have three children.
My dog is a black boat and consumer a minister Harvard Obama.
So my first message for you is that the digital violence can happen to anyone -- all of the relationships -- all religion levels and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that you all think that digital violence happens to women, which is a problem of women.
Not exactly it.
More than 80 percent of the morality are men, and the moral audience only happens in natural relationships -- international and a long way or a long way or a long way, in the families -- the last place where we want or we would expect to find violence -- the reason that the digital audience turns out that demand.
And I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world that was going to be a man who was going on with a man who said, and in fact, I was a very typical video because of my age of it.
I was 24 years old, and in the United States in the United States in the United States and 24 years of age, they have three times more likely to be able to be able to be able to be available violence than the other age, and more than 500 women of that age are used every year per few years, and you know, you know, the United States and
I was also a typical video because I didn't know anything about the digital violence -- their service signals or their patterns of them.
I met I met I met it in a flu and long night.
I was sitting on my side in New York New York and started to survive with me.
He said two things.
The first one was that he was also going to read from a University of the England Leonardo and I worked in a very important bank of David Street.
But what I was involved in that first found was that it was ready and fun -- and that seemed a little girl in the field.
I had a lot of big mountains like bars, and a little brand rainforest, and it seemed so directly.
One of the most smart things that he did Congress, from the beginning -- it was to create the idea that I was the company of the party.
He made it over the beginning of the beginning to put in a display.
We started to go out and I loved all of me, which was ready -- that I had gone to Harvard, that I was going to be able to help young girls and my work.
I wanted to know everything about my family, my fire, my dreams and innovations.
I thought I created in me, as a woman, as a woman, as nobody had done it.
And it was why the light in that school prison and the work in Wall sounds and his future future had so much important for him.
I didn't know that the first phenomenon in any relationship of digital violence is to sit and make the video.
And I didn't know that the second step is to do it.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was to go back from New York and leave the work of my dreams -- but I thought I had to be able to do a party, so I went up, I left my work and I met and I went together and I went together.
I had no idea that I was running in a lot of love -- that I was going on from head in a physical transition, financial and particularly predictable paradigm.
The next step in the political violence pattern is to interact the threat of violence to see how it works.
And this is where they go into the stage of these paradigms.
In how much we moved to New England you already know, that site where I knew that I had to feel so sure that I had to be so sure that I had to be so sure that I would be so sure that I would be so sure that I was going to be so sure that I was going to be so safe to be able to buy
One was in the course of the car.
The other thing is under the street in our bed and the third always in your boat.
And he said that I needed those cells in the front of the train that I lived from a bit.
I needed them to feel safe for you.
But those guys actually were a message for me, and even though I had never read the hand -- my life was already in a dangerous series every day.
And the first physical attack of Congress happened five days before our back.
They were the seven percent of the morning and I still had the board.
Five days later, when the 10 months of my subject had been discovered, I put the book of my mother and I love with him.
And despite what I had happened, I was sure we would live happy for always because I loved it and he also wanted a lot.
And I was very, very surprised.
It just had been very surrounded by the back and the fact to form a family with me.
It had been a state and I had never been able to make it a day.
I spent two times more in our half of me.
The first time I was running up to a secret search and I lost me, and he gave me so strong in the head that I had a number of times against the car.
And then a couple of days later, I went back from our half of our half of us, and I got up by the train and I would take a Big Martin for the face.
And I was able to put on one or two times a week for the next two years and a half of our market.
I was wrong when I thought it was the only one in this situation.
One of three American women is comes from the mathematical violence or a little bit at some point in their life, and the center of control of diseases that every year 15 million children are made, 15 million.
So actually, I was very good company.
I went back to my question, why do I get it?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know that he was running from me.
By the way, I was a very strong woman who was a very strong woman, and it was the only person in the world that I could help I think I was going to be able to deal with his distributions.
The other question that everybody else does is, why don't you just do it?
Why did I not get it? I could have been at any time.
So for me, this is the most sad and a pain that makes people -- because we have people, because we know, we know something that you are usually inspired, is incredibly dangerous.
Because the last phenomenon in the political violence is to kill it.
More than 70 percent of the adventures in terms of visual violence happened after the speed has been end to the relationship after that, after the corner -- because then the authority has no anything to lose it.
And other choices including the personal access -- even after the audience has come to come up, even after the audience has come back to face, and motivation of the family system of family system to bring the speed and their children, who are usually forced by the gardens to spend time not survived with the man who lost their mother to it.
And we still keep asking why you just don't do it?
I was able to go up with a little bit of a little bit of a passion that came up with my business.
I realized that the man who loved so much, I would have given me if I had allowed it.
So I took the situation.
I told everybody the world, to the police -- to my friends, to my friends and families -- and I'm here today, and I'm here today because you all helped me.
We have the tend to structure the victims as a shark sharks, and the strategic women, the good women.
The question, "Why do you be looking?
For some people is a way to say "The card is your for starting, as if the victims we choose to be able to be able to get out of men who want to get them.
But since I published "Look, I've heard "straightforwards of men and women who were also able to get up in the strategic lesson of what happened to them, and they would take their lives to their life lives and happy lives like employees, stars and mothers -- lives completely free of violence like me.
Because it turns out that I am actually a video and a very typical violence.
I was going to go home with a terrible man, and we have those three children.
I have that black word and as well.
What I'm not going to get to have ever more, again, is a little bit of the career to put my head in my head in hands of somebody who says I want.
At this point, they are just thinking about, "How long is it faith, or "Hey, what would it be, but all this time I've actually been talking about you.
I guess there are a few people, which are the ones that are listening to me right now, that they are being made or that they were out of small or they are absolutely able to be able to get themselves.
The market could be applied to his son, to his sister to his best friend right now.
I was able to put the end of my little particular love to break the situation.
And I keep doing it today.
It's my way to help other voices -- and it's my last piece to you.
They talk about what you've heard here.
The audience is just in the silence.
They have the power to end up with the digital violence just playing light on it.
The victims we need all over the world.
We need every one of you to understand the secret of the moral violence of it.
They take the market to the light talking about it with their children, their work, their friends and family.
They represent their view of the sounds like fantastic people and farmers, which have a full future.
They recognize the next few years of violence to be able to go up with each other.
And so we can turn our camps, our messages and our families in the safe and patterns that should be.
Thank you.
Hello. I call me Cambridge Rome, and from a time ago, I am model.
To be predictions, for 10 years ago.
And I feel that at this moment there is a tension in the room because I should not have seen it like this.  Of course, I've brought it up to change.
This is the first change in a TED stage -- so you have a lot of surprise to protect it, I think.
So if some of the women were hard when you go up, they don't have to stop right now, but it will find out that it will be later in Twitter at you.
I also want to point out that I have the main power to change what you think of me in just 10 seconds.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These artists are very unconsciously, less than I don't have to use it.
The worst part is going to go through the head, because it's when they are going to come out of me, so you don't do anything as I did the head.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It's been employed.
Well, I hope not as much as this picture.
The attention is powerful -- but as well.
I've changed what they thought about me in six seconds.
And in this picture, I had never had a nation in real life.
I was totally increasing and the photograph told me that I would add the spider and it was going to add the head of the girl.
And of course, I came out with surgery or an artificial brother as the one that made me two days ago for the work, there is very little that we can do to transform our aspect -- which, even though it has a great impact in our lives.
So today, for me, it will be value to be honest.
I'm in this stage because I'm a model.
Because I am a beautiful and white woman -- and in my lab, that is to be a sexual guy.
I'm going to answer the questions that people are always like, but in a way.
The first question is, how is it going to be model?
And I always say, a chicken found me, but that doesn't mean anything.
The real reason why I made me model is because they get the genetic language, and I'm the benefit of a hospital, and maybe you're asking you what this story is.
Well, in the last few century, we have not only decided the beauty as a health and supported and simulation, which we are biological to add -- we also put it up to a high and strategic street, and a white skin and a white skin.
And that is my hero, heroin that I've been able to get to make money.
And I know that there are people in the audience that now is in the audience, and maybe there are a few years of the way they say -- I hope --  There are Nata, Tasmania, John Security, Life World.
First of all, the happy to know so much of the models -- it's amazing.
But I just have to tell you that in 2008, a student of the University of New York City. And every one of the models in the paradigm, and every single single model in the paradigm, and in the 1960s, it only is, just at least four percent -- they were not white.
The next question that people are always doing is, could you be model when it looks like?
And my first answer is, I don't know, I don't love that.
But then, what I would really tell each of these girls is: Why? You can be what you want.
You can be president from the United States, or the next one of the next Internet, or a climber of corruption and post-controlled clinic, which would be important, because you would be the first one.
If after this particular list -- still inspire, no, no, I want to be model -- then I say, I know my colleague.
Because I am not at all, and you could be the recording of the resource of the American Vole Arabic or the average experience of HIV, or the next Steve Steve.
I mean, you want to be model that you want to be model as to say you want to win the language when they are bigger when you are.
It's out of your control -- it's amazing -- and it's not a work that you can choose it.
I'm going to show you all that I learned in 10 years as a model -- because unlike the heart surgery -- it can go back right now.
I don't know what happened there.
Now, once you have gone up with your studies -- and you have a culture and a lot of work to your stars, and you have no matter what you say, you know, if you say you want to be president of the United States -- but your course said, "You know, of course in the United States for 10 years, people are going to look at you.
The next question that people are always doing is if all the pictures are constructed.
And you know, they are basically related to all the picture, but that's just a little part of what happens.
This was the first picture that they took me, and also the first time I used a biology, and I didn't even have my period of it.
I know we're interested in the personal temperature, but it was a child.
This is how I love my grandmother a few months before.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
So here I am in a size of landscapes for a few days before the pictures for the French Voice.
So here I am with my forest team and in the Redwood Revolution.
And this is me in the reality.
And I hope you realize that I am not me in those photographs in those picture.
They are created by a group of professionals of professionals, paradigm, managers, photographs and states, and all of their skills and people are going to be able to create this. That's not me.
Well, the next question that people are always doing is, you get things free?
I have too much about 20 percent, and that I never use, except the beginning of the before, but the principles that I have is the ones I get in real life, and that we don't like to talk about.
I grew up in Cambridge, and once I went to a story and I forget to take money, and they gave me the flower search.
When I was a personality, I worked with my friend that was a controlled passion -- it was a search in red and of course, of course, and it was a little bit like that, and it is just a feeling to be able to keep construction.
And I found out of these principles for my pressure, not because of what I am, and there are people who are paying a price for their aspect without matter who they are.
I live in New York, and last year -- in the 1950s, in the top of the 100 people who are going to be a look at and recorded, 75 percent of them were black and gentlemen, and most of them were young men.
And there are only 1960, young black young people in New York, so that for them, it's not a question of me to do --  ...
But how many times I'm going to leave me?
And when you get to get this talk to me, I found out that at 50 percent of the girls in the United States in the United States they don't like their body, and that guy gets up to 75 percent at the 1980s.
So the last question that people are doing is, how is the life of a model of a model.
And I think the answer that you hope is, if you're a little bit more disappearing and you have the most brilliant piece, you feel very happy and starting.
And behind the cameras -- we give an answer that maybe it looks like this.
We say, it's really wonderful to travel -- and also amazing to work with creative people.
And all of that is true, but it's just a part of what happens because what we never say from the camera -- what I have never said in front of them, is I am inspiring.
And I'm because I have to worry about my aspect every day.
And if you ever ask them, with a few more disappearing legs and the most brilliant bird, it will be more happy.
They only have to get to a group of models -- because they have the most straight legs -- the most brilliant and the most brilliant and the most likely and it probably is the most excited women on the planet.
But most of it was hard to get a relative situation of religious organization and general when I am one of the biggest blogs.
If there is something that comes out of this talk -- I hope you all feel more comfortable to the power of the image of the image that we have from success and the factor.
Thank you.
The picture has been my passion since it was very much more enough to make a camera -- but today I want to share with you my 15 pictures more predictable, and I didn't go to me who had them.
There were no artists -- and there were no chance to reduce the pictures -- not even a whole fear in the link.
In fact, most of them put them up to the search.
My story starts when I started in the city of New York in order to give me a possibility, my wife gave me this picture by holding my daughter in the day of his first computers. That's the 1960s and five percent.
He gave the quality that we went back to New York -- just a year later, so we decided to get the same picture.
Well, you can imagine what comes now.
When the third set of my daughter, my wife told me, why don't you take you up to New York City in a past pool and control the right?
So here is when we started to ask the teachers that were going to take us the picture.
It is amazing that the challenge of taking the camera to a complete computer is so universe.
And no one has ever noticed and, unfortunately, no one has ever heard with the camera.
So we were not aware of how many of us would change the life of this journey.
It became a little bit for us.
This picture is about a few weeks later, and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day as a little bit of five years I could understand it.
These pictures are much more than a short moment or a specific journey of a specific journey or a specific journey.
They also are a way to stop time in a week of car and to make us think about our time and our evolution over the years, and not just at the physical level, but in all the sense.
Because even though we always get the same picture, our son, my daughter comes up new heroes, and I can see the life through his eyes and how you lose and interact with everything.
That time at the point that we spend together is something that we hope with information every year.
And remember, in one of the journey -- we were going on, when you suddenly go up, it was standing on sea and serving a red train of the shoes that I would end up from small visions in front of the beds.
And I was described what I had felt at the age of five years in that same place.
I began to remember his heart painting to see that place for the first time nine years ago.
And now what you look at in New York are universal, because it's decided to study in New York.
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things that we create are the resources of them.
And so I want to share the idea of part of the way that we can actually be able to share in the control of resources of resources for me.
I don't know you, but it comes from these 15 pictures -- I don't go out in many of the family pictures of them.
I am always the one that goes on the picture.
So today I want to tell you all in the picture.
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 species in the world.
The blues are going to be in the top of the most exciting people.
First of all, why are they so bad press?
It has also been associated with Disney risk people as men mentally, states, states.
More recently, if you've been following the press brothers and antibiotics and antibiotics -- these are the articles that are associated with the Paris Park -- but I don't do it.
I don't know. You know why.
Because the members of the Paris don't keep the environment.  They don't help us to prevent the disease.
They are distant --       And my favorite --  and, my favorite -- they have better pressure --     There are two kinds of rich on this planet.
There are the neighborhoods of the New world that are actually found in the United States -- like the controls and the corrections of the old world, where we have 16 species -- from these 16 species -- 18 feet a high risk of extraction.
So why are the blues are important, and first of all, they provide visual economic services -- Life.
They are our nature.
They clean them up to the black.
They help kill all the bacteria -- they help open the way that it will not be for them to get out of them and cause a big loss of paradigm and diseases in other animals.
studies have shown that in areas where there are not blue, the computers take three to four times more time in developing it, and this has huge radios in the disease.
They also have huge story.
They've been associated to the old emotional culture.
It was the symbol of the process and the death and the matter of the course, and you would have the unit between the Higgs and the Send Elephant.
In the high microbial, Japan was the blood God -- and I had her life to save the day of the day of the 10 dollars of the 10th head.
In the subject culture, you get a few very important understanding of open sky. In places like the Treating, there is no place to go into the dead -- or the way to get them, so these guys provide a natural language system.
What's the problem with the bloods?
We have eight species in Kenya.
The reason is that they are being engineered, and the reason that they're being excited is because there are conflict between humans and the family -- the personal communities use this view against the developments, and as a result, the bloods are victims of this.
In the South Asia, in countries like India and Pakistan, four species of noise are in the critical list of excited, which means that in less than 10 or 15 years old, and the reason is because they are able to take the pressure of the government that has been treated with an extra drug like Denmark.
This drug has been made for the very very very very sentence in India and they've taken a position.
Because there is no blood, there has been a production in the number of shoes in the number of cars, and when you have a high streets, you have a huge time of time for robotics.
Kenya is going to have one of the most effective parts in Africa in Africa.
I'm not against the electric energy, but we have to work with the governments because they are able to do this to the birds -- they cut them through half of them.
They are background trains.
In Western Africa, there is a huge horrible foreign of dead distributions to go to the bar and to the market market.
So what are you doing is, well, we are getting to these birds -- we are putting them.
We're trying to stop their basic economy, and see where they go.
We can see that they travel for different countries, so it will focus on a very long problem is not going to go from anything.
We have to work with governments in the religious level.
We're working with local communities.
We are talking to them about applied to the blues, about the need to apply these wonderful creatures and the services that they provide them.
How can you help it? It can be able to write a letter to their government and tell you that we have to focus on these very universal intensives -- going on their time to give the word to follow the word and define the word.
When you go out of this room, you will be inspired on the blues, but they talk to their families with their children, with their kids on the bloods.
They are very excited -- Charles David said that I was living in order because I saw them will fly without effort -- no energy of energy in the sky.
Kenya, this world will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every thing that I do and everything I do is, my life has been killed by seven years of work during my flight in Africa.
Since 1945, it looks at 1970, but I am not --  I worked in Zamah, Kenya, Kenya Columbia -- Archie and South South and Society in projects of technical conflict with African countries.
I worked for a strategic Indian, and every project that we're going to have in Africa.
And I was present.
I thought, in the age of 21 -- that we were good people, and we were doing a good work in Africa.
Instead of that, everything we were able to put it out.
Our first project -- the one that inspired my first book, "The Cold County, it was a project where we decided to teach people from Zealand to grow food.
And so we got up with strange seats at the top of the Zealand to this absolutely famous vaccine that comes up to the Zimbab right, and we teach the local to the local topics and the heads, and the heads and the heads and the heads and the heads -- and the heads and the heads and the heads and the heads -- and the heads -- and the
Of course, people were not really interested in doing that, so we asked them to come to work -- and sometimes they don't get to work, and we were used to the local plants, in such a little bit of variation, and they didn't have any farmer.
However, instead of asking you how it was possible that it was possible that we don't care about it, we just said, thank God who are here --  "I want time to save the people in the house.
And of course, everything in Africa has been beautiful.
We got these magnetic magnets. In India, a man grew up to this size -- in Zamah, at this size of this.
And we couldn't believe it, we were saying to the self-expensive, look what easy is the formation.
When you take them down and the rates and red -- from the night to the morning -- about 200 hours came from the river and they eat everything --  and we said to the shootings, my God, "The store.
And the lives said, "Yes, that's why we don't have any farmer here.  "Why didn't they say, "You never asked it.
I thought that only we could only have been able to put up in Africa in Africa, but then I saw what the Americans were doing -- what they did the English -- and then what they were doing is, and then to see what they were doing, I felt pretty proud of our project in Zealand.
Because as you see, at least we feed the we have been able to figure out the we had to do.
You should see the designers --  You should see the destinations that we put to the people in Africa.
I want to read a book -- he read Monterey Monton, from Dr. Monterey English.
The book was published in 2009, in the way.
We have Western countries, we have gone into the African control two million dollars in the last 50 years.
I'm not going to tell you about the day that the money has changed.
They just read your book.
They take it out of an African woman, the day we've done.
The Western is importantly, microbes -- and we treat people just two ways, or we are paralyzed -- or we're passionate.
The two words come from the law law profit, which means "Mind" meaning.
However, it means two different things.
Parallel, I deal with any of a different culture as if you were my children. I want a lot.
Passive, I try to all of a different culture as if you were my sensors.
So the white in Africa are called "The "bittake?
That book gave me a barrier in the face -- "The small thing is beautiful, written by Saturday, who said for all of the economic development -- if people don't want to be helped -- you get them out.
This should be the first beginning of help.
The first beginning of help is to respond to it.
This morning, the woman who opened this conference on the ground and he said, can we imagine a city that is not non-lethal not."
I decided at the age of 24 years just respond to the people, and he invented a system called New Facebook where you never started anything -- you have a little bit of a notion, but it becomes a sense of the local passion -- the service of local landscapes who have the dream to become a better person.
So what do you do? It goes down.
Japan came to a community with an idea, and it feels with the people.
We don't work from the office.
We get in a car. We get into a ball.
So we have infrastructure infrastructure.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we figure out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing.
You can give you an idea to somebody else.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what's going to do you?
The passion that she has for his own growth is the most important.
The passion that that man has for his own personal growth is the most important.
And then, we help them find the knowledge because nobody in the world can have success alone.
The person with the idea can not have the knowledge -- but the knowledge is available to it.
So years old and years ago, I had this idea -- why not us, for one time instead of getting to a community to say to people what to do, why not, for once we heard them, but not in communities at all.
I'll tell you a secret to you.
There is a problem with communities with the community.
The companies never attacked, and they are going to say, in a public meeting -- what you want to do with their own money, what opportunity has introduced.
So the plan has this blind point.
And the most smart people in their community, you don't even know them, because they don't go to their public people.
What do we do? We work one to one, and we work face to face -- you have to create a social infrastructure which doesn't exist.
You have to create a new teacher.
The teacher is the family of the company, the family of the business of business -- the family of the business -- which is going on with you in your house, in the table of their control, in the car, and he helped him find the resources to transform their passion in a way of making life.
I started this as a test in Edison, the city of Western America.
I was doing a decade in that time, trying to get out of this back in which we get to tell you what to do.
In a year, I had 27 projects in market, and the government came to see me to say, "How can you do that?
How can you do that? And I said, "I did something very, very, very hard.
I went up and listened to them,    So the government says, "So "Good again,  -- we've done it in 300 communities in the world.
We've helped to start 40 business.
There is a new generation of businesses that are moving from sustainability.
Peter Disney, one of the most large extra adventures of history, failed to the 99, a few years ago.
Paul Disney was a phone teachers before you get in the business, and this is what Peter Disney" says, "The plan is actually incredibly excited with a society and an economy of employees in the engineering emotion.
The plan is the beauty of the death of the entrepreneurial spirit.
And so now you're doing California without knowing what the most advanced people in China want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn that these people are going to be able to be able to get to you.
You have to be able to offer conservation, private -- it has to be fantastic.
In a community of 10 people, we get 200 dollars.
Can you imagine a community of 400 people, intelligence and patient?
What do you have to do is do this morning?
So local people. That's what you have accepted.
So what I tell you is that the employee is where it is.
We are at the end of the first industrial revolution of the first industrial revolution -- management -- and from a moment to other, we have systems that are not sustainable.
And the entire food method is not sustainable.
And the flow as a way of getting machines is not sustainable.
What we have to consider -- is how we come on, we contribute, we engage, we communicate to seven billion people, in a substantial way.
There are no technologies to do it.
Who is going to invent technology for the green revolution for the ground?
Government, Google.
They're going to be the entrepreneurs and they are doing it now.
There is a nice story that I read in a future factory -- many years ago.
There was a group of experts that were invited to detect the future of New York City in the year 1960.
And in the year 1960, you put up this group of people -- and they had a lot of people who would happen to the city of New York in 100 years, and the conversation was united, the city of New York doesn't exist in 100 years.
Why? Because they went up with the culture and served -- if the population is kept growing up to this rate -- to bring the population in New York City -- they would get six million cars, and the structure produced for six million dollars would be impossible to get up.
They were already moving in station.  And so in 1950, they were doing this technology that would bring the life of New York City.
So what happened -- in the next 40 years, in the United States, in the United States of the United States that were able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
So the idea of finding a different technology was absolutely open and there were very few people, and there were a few of them in front of them.
Decesse, Manhattan.
However, there is a secret to work with the environments.
First of all, you have to offer conservation.
In another way, you're not going to be able to be able to get with you.
And then you have to offer you a amazing, democracy, it would be sensory.
And you know, you will have to tell you the truth of the truth with it.
The smaller company -- the biggest company -- it has to be able to do three things -- the product that you want to sell has to sell it has to be fantastic -- you have to tell you with a fantastic competition, and you have to tell you with a financial adversarial station.
You know what?
James we've met a single human being in the world that can do, to sell and look at the money alone.
There is no exist.
This is still not.
We have research and looked at the 100 companies of the world of the world Congress, Alan Elephant, Europe, all the new companies -- Google Computers.
There is just one thing that all the successful companies in the world have in common -- just one -- no one was made by one person.
And James the word "I said, but the word "We say, 32 times.
He was not just when he started it.
No one starts a company only one.
So we can create the community where we have families, who come from an environment of small business sitting in cars, and they are going to be able to do that for you, what somebody did for you, what someone did for this film who talked about this effort, somebody who would ask you to ask you, what does it mean?
What can you? Can you do that?
Well, you can sell it? Can you look for the money.
"Oh, no, I can't do that?
We add communities together.
Thank you.
You can help us have a lot of ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all of the neighbors, so we don't understand a lot of knowledge to stop sharing the same public space.
In the last few years, I've tried to share more with my neighbors in the public space, with simple tools like all artists, planets and dance.
These projects came out of questions like, how many of my neighbors for their applications?
How can we predict and ask more things without going to call the door in a bad moment.
How do you share more remember of our building buildings and understand our back?
How do we share more of our effects to the blood tends for our communities for our communities to be able to reduce our needs and dreams?
I live in New Obama and I am in New Obama.
My husband always found with the giant robots that give up to the bottom, books and states from making century in a city.
It always gives the music.  There is a decade in New Oriends.  The city has one of the most beautiful artists in the world, but also one with the biggest amount of American properties in the U.S.
I live close to this house and thought about how I could turn it into a more nice space for the bar and also in something that changed my life for always as well.
In 2009, I lost somebody who loved a lot.
It was John, as a mother for me.
His death was responsible and international.
I thought a lot about death and death.
And this makes me a deep freedom for the time.
He gave him a little bit of the significant things of my life.
But I risk to keep this look at this look at my country.
It seems to me that it's easy to leave the day for day and forget the really important thing for one.
So with the help of old and new friends brought the wall of this house in a giant brother and lost on her faces to compete -- before I die I want to die.
So they were able to take a high, to be able to take on their lives and share people in the public space.
I didn't know what to wait for this experiment but the next day the wall was recorded and I kept running up.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall.
Before I die I want to be a player for personality,   before I die I want to sit on the line of the chance of channel.
Before I die I want to tell you for millions of people.
Before I die I want to plant a tree.
before I die I want to live outside the network."
Before I die I want to get it over once more time.
before I die I want to go to the resource of somebody.
Before I die I want to be completely myself.
And this space space has been constructed and the dreams and hope of people who were made by carried, and they came up with me, and they gave me in a different moment.
It's about knowing that one is not just -- it's about understanding our neighbors in new and electronics. It's about giving us a card to the relationship and efficiency, and to remember what is the most important thing for us as we grow and change.
This happened last year, and I started to get hundreds of message from people who wanted to make a death in their community.
So with that with my colleagues of the climate center we did a car and now have been done in countries around the world, like Karage, South Africa, South Africa and beyond there.
We showed the power of our public spaces if you give us the opportunity to express and share a lot.
Two of the most valuable things we have are time and our relationship with other people.
And in our age of distributions in the age, it's more important than never -- to find the ways that we can put the perspective and remember that life is nice and democracy.
death is something that we often have to talk to you, or even think, but I understood that we will be able to protect the death is one of those things that make us more power.
Think about the climate death our life.
Our shared spaces can be able to be able to get better and as a community and as a community and more media to share hope, fear and stories -- the people that are around us not only can help to improve places, can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
So today I have a single oil.
Please don't tell me that I am normal to me.
Now I'd like to introduce you to my brothers now.
And he has 24 years -- it's high and very slowly.
It doesn't talk about, but it doesn't speak better than some of the best professionals.
He knows what love.
And it would share it directly what happened.
It's not antibiotic. It doesn't look at the color of the skin.
They don't care about the religious difference and let me have never been mental.
When I have a little bit of our innovation, trying to make words that I couldn't even get to me, I remember one thing, the little bit that we know about mind and the wonderful thing that it must be the design of it.
Samark has 16 years old. It's a lot of speech.
You put the most predictable.
However, it's a service memory here.
It doesn't remember if I went up my card, but I remember the year that I came out every year of my iPhone, consumers that we kept when I was four years old, and I was asked in my arm for the first epidemic of the Telescope and the Charles Carro Galaxy.
Don't you seem to be amazing?
But most people are not right.
And in fact, because their minds don't get to the concept of the society of society -- often they are increasingly excited and international.
But what I put on my heart and forced my size was that even if that was the case, even if you don't consider them inside the opposition, that could only mean one thing, that they were extraordinary and extraordinary and extraordinary.
Now, for those less family with the transportation "The transportation, it's a complex brain that affect social communication -- learning and sometimes to physical ability to do.
In every single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single one of them is so different to Sam.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes -- it takes a new case of autism, and even though it's one of the development of the development that is faster in the world, there is no cause of constant career.
I don't remember my first with the authority, but I didn't remember one day without him.
I was just three years when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited about having a new being in my life.
When a few months, I realized he was different.
I got a lot.
I didn't want to play as the other babies and, in fact, it doesn't seem very interested in me at all.
And I was living in his own world, and he was going on in his own world, and I found it on the smaller things -- and I found out in the smaller things -- like putting the cars around the room around the room, looking at the law and eat anything that would have been between media here.
As I grew up, it gets more different, and the differences were made more environmental.
But beyond the bars, the frustration and the international household, there was something really unique -- a little bit of a close and income, a child who saw the world without pressures, a human being that there was never mentally.
Excellent.
I can't notice that there have been a few different moments in my family, time I would have wanted them to be just like me.
But I looked at the things that have taught me about the individual -- the communication and the love, and I realize that they're things that don't want to change by normal.
The normal happens for the beauty that give us the differences and the fact of being different doesn't mean that some is wrong.
It just means there's a different view of what is right.
If I could take a single thing to Rome and God and you would be that they don't have to be normal.
They can be extraordinary them.
Because you know, the difference or not, the differences that we have, are a man, every one of us has a man in their interest and they certainly the search of normal is the last silence of the potential of the possible.
The opportunity for the big, progress and change in the time we try to be like the others.
Please don't tell me that I am normal now.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experience a little bit of what has been to be Alexander in the country of the Mountains.
Paul Steve asked me to me, a community of communities that I would give a kind of communication to engineering students at all.
I was used --  -- Aristotle of all of these students with their big minds with his big minds and their big books and his big words and the words.
But when you develop those conversations -- I felt what Alexander must have felt when I go through the black hole and saw the door of a new world.
And I just felt when I had those conditions with the students -- I was surprised by the ideas that they had, and I wanted other people to experience this wonderful world.
And I think that the key to open that door is a great community.
We need a huge community of our scientists and engineers with the end of changing the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones that are taking on our biggest challenges -- from energy to the environment, and if we don't know what we don't know about this, the work is not done, and I think it's our responsibility as not scientists to have these interactions.
But these big conditions can't happen if our scientists and engineers don't invited us to see their wonderful world.
And so scientists and engineers -- please help with simple.
I want to share some places about how you can do it to make sure that their science is to see that their science is sex and their engineering is application.
The first question to answer is, and then what?
You know why science is responsible for us.
We don't tell us just that they study the trains, but they study the trains, which are the mass structure of our dreams because it's important to understand and try to try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try
And when they are writing their science, I care with the back.
It's a object for our understanding of their ideas.
Sure, you can say "The space and terrorist, but why don't I say "The space and time that is much more access to us?
You can make them access is not the same thing to do it.
By the way, as he said English, that everything is as simple as possible.
They can communicate their science without understanding ideas.
So something to consider is to use example, stories and antibiotics. They're ways to go up and get them with their content with it.
And when you present their work, you get out of the second sectors.
You have been asked why they call "The balloons?  What do you do the balls?
A film like this is not only about it, but it gets too much in the area of the language of the language of our brain.
In change, this famous example of General Bronx is much more effective -- it shows that the special structure of the training is so strong that it really inspired the unique design of the Television Tower.
And the journey here is to use a simple failure, principle, that the public can understand if you lose a little bit of a little bit, and you can put a lot of groups that apply to our other sense, and they believe a more profound sense of understanding what it was described with.
I think these are just a few key things that you can help that we are going to be able to open the door and look at the country of the microbes that is science and engineers in it.
And so, scientists and engineers -- when you have to solve this team -- all the way to all the media -- hell with it.  Thank you.
One of my favorite words of all the American English Demonstration is "The "Strains?
Just because it sounds very well.
And it means "the police police.
And even though there was a perfect edge of the 19th century that I decided a lot better when he said, "The "free is that I look for a public car without matter particular or primary, and that, when you go up, you get it for the member of a controlled red control.
I have no idea what it means to be "complete?
Something to do with the words, I suppose to see.
It's very important that the words are the basis in politics -- and that all of the politicians know that they have to try to take the language.
It was not until -- for example, 1970, that the British Center allows the pathogens to close the words that were said in the paralyzed camera in the particular.
And all of this was because of the value of a guy with the name of the National Critics, who went to the Paris.
They gave them in the Tower of London and they were showing him, but he had the enough reason to focus on them, and at the end of it had a popular support in London that they won it.
And just a few years later, we had the first use of the freedom of the freedom "strangers, and the balloon of the military is like the military.
Most of you think it's light.
It's not. It's for a defense of the freedom of the experiment.
But to show you how the words and political people, I want you to come back to the United States, just after the industry.
So they had to open the question of how to call George Washington, his leader life.
They didn't know.
How do we call the leader of a country coming?
This is based on the conference for a long time.
They had all sorts of places that could have been failed.
Some of you wanted to call it "The State State State -- and others -- "The Audience George War, and other "Disasters of the United States of the United States in the United States.
It's not very absolute.
Some of you just wanted to call it "The "Declaimor?
They thought it was a quality of property.
And not even with it were machines, they had the idea that you could be choose to be elected by a destination of destruction.
And I could have felt it.
All the world goes together, because this debate is going on for three weeks.
I read the day of a poor poor, and I always wrote with this topic.
And what causes the room and the until it was that the camera of Republic was in the Senate.
And the Canada camera didn't want Washington to be able to be able to power.
They didn't want to call it the Red I gave him or his own ideas.
So they wanted to give the more modern television, more significant and more likely that they would happen.
And that task was "Politics?
You know, I didn't invent the time.
It was like the president of a sun.
And I didn't have much bigger than the term "short?
There were even a little bit of a little bit of the collective statements and a government of government, but it was really a sentence that was a sense of it.
And that's why the September is going on.
They said, "It's rich, we can't call it President.
This guy has to be able to deal with transformation and record with the extraordinary displays.
And who would you take it in a series with a song as well as the U.S. America."
And finally, after three weeks of destruction, I didn't know.
We can learn three interesting things of all this.
First of all, and this is my favorite to where I've been able to figure out that I have never been able to figure out the text of President.
The President Bank Burea has dream to go up there, waiting to get the September between action.
The second thing that we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is technically,  -- you are possible that we continue to expect 220 years more.
But the third thing that we can learn -- and this is the most important, and this is the most important thing to leave you -- is that the president of President in the United States is not just as modern as it today, right?
In all if you have more than 5,000 nuclear holes in the world, the largest economy of the world and a flow of variation are not transforming and so on.
The reality and the story have given up to the grandmother of great graduate.
So at the end of the end of the Senate.
They get their responsibility to it.
And also the other worry of the September, the statement of salary, well, it was a search for time.
But you know how many nations have a protected?
And all because they want to sound like the guy who has the 5,000 nuclear heads -- etc.
So, at the end of the Senate Park and the camera of Republic lost -- because no one is going to feel human when you tell you that now are the president of the U.S.
And I think that's the great lesson that we can learn -- and I would like to leave you.
The politics are trying to choose and use the words to give us a form and control the reality -- but actually, the reality is much more the words that these could change reality.
Thank you very much.
I'm 45 to six feet under the land of Galajetter.
The air is carrying out of heat and political and it's hard to respond to it.
I feel the risk of dark bodies in the decade, but I can't see much more.
And I hear you that they talk about, but about all of that control of male tools and store states with private tools.
As the others, I put a little bit of light light to the head with this article electronics, and I can be able to figure out the bacteria of the back that the walls of that hole of that hole of a message that costs hundreds of feet on the Earth.
And it turns out my hand and suddenly I remember a money that I met days before, that I lost the control and the increased minds in that piece.
And as I talk to you today, these men are in the deep of that hole by making their lives without pay and recovery and often die.
I went out of that hole and I went home, but they might never do it, because they are present of the electron.
In the last 27 years I was telling national cultural culture in more than 70 countries and in 2009, I had the great honor of being the only stage in the Paris of Park Park.
And between all the amazing people that I met there I met a training of "The Saturn Toronto, a GDP that is designed to expose the modern electron.
We started talking about the electron and, really, I started learning about electronics because I knew that there was in the world, but not to just just the world.
When we ended up to talk to me very bad -- I was extremely excited to get this attention to our days and I thought, if I don't know, how many people don't know.
And I was made a little bit of the state and weeks later, I came back to the ends to meet the distance of the "Street the Saturn and offer my help.
So I started my journey to modern electron.
It had been in a lot of these places.
In some of the consequences of my second home.
But this time, I would look at the survival transportations.
A conservative culture says that there are more than 27 million people in the world.
It's the twice of the amount of African Africa during all about the transformation of transformational electrodes.
It's 150 years ago, the cost of a French electron was about three times the article of an American worker.
The equivalent to about 50 percent.
But today, you can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
So surprisingly, the electron will get more than two billion dollars a year around the world.
Many of them have been involved with a lot of good education and better work for then to find out that they are forced to work without pay -- under violence and you can't go up.
Today, the electron is opening in the first, the people who are produced by electrons have value.
The electron is in almost all the world and yet it's illegal around the world.
In India and New, I met the horses of them.
This strange approach is like going into the old Egypt or the University of David.
So you guys in a temperature of 55 percent, men, in fact, in fact, in fact, in fact, in fact, in fact, in fact, in a state of police in a lot of police, and at 18 to 18 to 18 at the time -- and they get them from the hands of articles that are going to hundreds of me.
They disappear by the mountain and the concert work in the signature, doing this task over and over again for 16 or 16 hours a day.
There were no paintings to eat it, not to go in, and the destruction would be made to be a lot that was quite international.
And so people were the heat and the police that my camera became too close to the task, and let me work.
Every 20 minutes I had to run on the car to clean the team and make it work with the team and make it work in the adventure and sit there, I thought, my camera gets a much better treatment than these people.
And I came back in the hours I wanted to close but the audience that I was at my side quickly I'm going on and said, "Listen, don't do it. You don't do it.
And I really explained to me very clearly that I'm going to give emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not just for me, but for them.
I couldn't give you any heart help.
I couldn't give them money, nothing.
I was not clear of that country.
I could put them in a worse situation that they were already done.
I had to focus on "The Saturn and work inside the system for his line and trust you to get it.
In the way I was going to get home to feel my heart heart.
In the History, I found kids going up on the middle of miles for a lot of moral terms that they would expect down.
Those big plants were more likely than the kids who cut them up and the kids put them up to their head with their head with careers made out of passions, radically and down.
It's hard to predict something so absolutely.
How can we influence something so institution, but so so interesting?
Some of you don't even know that they are written -- and they work 16 or 18 hours a day without pay -- because this has been like this all their life.
They don't have anything to compare it.
And when these animals came up with their freedom, the electrons were made by their house.
When you hear the word word we often think about sexual transition and because of this global conference I was told that it would be hard for me to work in this particular business.
In Kata I was used to the women who had been completely sex sensory.
They took me for a little bit of anti-portions that were going to go to this surface -- from the substantial light of it.
It wasn't exactly a blood.
It was more a restaurant.
Remarkable, as you know in the office -- they are local for the form of force productivity.
They have small room, private wars, where the streets -- with their kids and children -- some of that just seven years -- they are forced to go to the creatures and they will help them buy more food.
Each of us is dark and survival, inspired by a whole number in the wall.
The workers often get sexual supply to hands of their cells.
So in the painting, I remember to have felt a sense of a search anti-man seat, and at that point, I could imagine what it must be to stay on that information.
I only had a salary, and I had a street where it comes in.
There were no death doors.
There were no big enough enough to bring up.
Those people don't have any scale, and because we take a very difficult issue -- it's important to be able to see that the electron, even the sexual transition, happens to our around.
There are hundreds of people who are controlled in the freedom, in terms of the moral service and the list can continue to.
And remember, the New York Times in which between 100 and 300 Americans are sold every year as a sexual ends.
It's going to take it up, but we don't see it.
The text is another activity that we often related to the hand of the electrode work.
I looked at India in which there were family environmental families in the food of sea.
This is a family.
The black hands of black are from the father -- the blue of blue and red of their children.
They were made in these big bars in these big bombs in the light to the lights, but the end is terrible.
My interaction told me his stories.
We don't have the crash, they said.
We still hope -- yet you can go out of this house and go to another place where we really pay our work for us.
You know, there are more than 400 children in the Vole Land, the largest art of the world.
When we came on, I went to take a quick view of a quick one.
I saw what it seemed like to be a family family in a neighborhood -- two older brothers -- some more young kids -- some more young kids -- it makes sense right?
Eric. They were all electrons.
The kids are sitting out of their transformative families -- demonstrated and forced to work outside of them in these cars in the leg, despite not to know how to get it.
This child is eight years old.
When our boat was going to be to be to be to be to be to be to be transforming -- I think his little box was embraced.
I was killed by the fear of the water.
The back of the trees of the substantial trees in the Vole line often they were often applied and children and families, and with fear and standing up to the water to give the backs.
A lot of people get up.
Since I remember, it has always been forced to work on the line.
On the end of his love is not going to take up and like the whole life has been treated with creativity, certainly about the most young people under their sea.
I met these guys at the top five of the morning, when they took the last networks -- but they had been working from the one on the one.
And in the night of the night and you see it.
And I can see that these networks are going to be more than 400 pounds when they are references of fish.
I want to introduce you to Korea.
Karage was responsible in a computer system.
I met it in a recognition in which "The Silicon States comes into the electrons of the electron.
Korea survives the possible.
Who will be thank you that someone decided to make the difference in their life?
It carries for a card in Galaxy with sources of "The Saturn Toronto, a computer company with his rest of suddenly access and surrounded our car and helps the sea.
It asked us to find it for a way of land to the sea.
At the end of the way, we get to go out of the car, and he asked it to go back to the control that came up with it very quickly.
And then I looked at this sense and he said, "This is the way, this is the way.
And as we started looking at it, we want to go back to the way and after walking about one hour we found that the path was made up of the recording resources -- so I put the team of pictures on my head as we do in my head as we do in these water.
After two hours of walk -- the way I ended up ended up in a course, and we had a back of holes that could be able to put in a form of form, and all of them were full of controlled workers in it.
A lot of women had children who had children and they were looking at the boat, and they were looking at the water and they were looking at marketing water.
The market is used in the extraordinary process.
These minutes are speaking in a piece in another part of Ghana.
When they came out of the audience they were started in their own surface.
I remember to look at his eyes being carefully, brought out that many had been under land for seven hours.
The people have up to 90 meters and these people have been able to be able to be treated to another area in which they are going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
And first of all, the place seems to be filled by full men and visions, but if you look at more than the market we see to work at some less light and also children.
All of these are all victims of leaders, disease and violence.
In fact, it's very likely to be very likely to end up as this video of the transitions and the movement for a few years.
This is Mars. When I died his father his father he took him to work with him in the mind.
And when you die his table, men would have the debate of the point that I force it to be slide in the mind.
When I met it, I had worked in the mine 14 years and the list of the legs that you see here is a product of an accident.
In addition to that, Mars has transitions and not even about that, it's forced to work night and day in that minute.
Even like that, he sounds with being free and education with local activities like "The Saturn there and this is this kind of destination, in face to a remote possibility -- what I was inspired by a lot of responsibility.
I want to open light on the electron.
They knew that their images would be seen by you all around the world.
I wanted you to know that we will give us all of them and we will do everything possible to help change their lives.
I just believe that if we can look at each other as human beings -- then you get very difficult to take cars like the electron.
These images are not research. They're about people, like you -- like you and like me, that make the same rights -- digital and respect in their lives.
There is no day that I did not think of these so many beautiful people, marketing, that I've had the great honor to know.
I hope that these images will take a force in who you see them -- in people like you -- and I hope that that force is going to get a fire and that that force open light on the electron because without that light, the beauty of the electron can continue to live in the strategies.
Thank you very much.
I do a lot of mathematical and there is a problem to be able to do it -- we are like the control controls.
Nobody knows what we do.
So today, I'm trying to explain what I do.
This is one of the most human.
We give us the virus of the ball and the back of the car -- that we're going to see more.
But the ball has been a group of extraordinary treatment -- a high level of debate and probably some of the very important animation that you can have a genetic company.
And I loved, the neurons like the bad people who are destroyed by this extraordinary ability -- as I do it with my friend John Street that in his time, it was a virus of barrier.
In the last few years, it has become a lot in the treatment of it.
However, there are six million people in the world that are happening and they have to deal with an amazing consequence, tests, risk and other systems of this disease, so we need tools to detect the disease before it's too late as well.
We need to be able to measure the progress in the way that we can get in the way, and the only way we know if you really have a culture to be when we have a sub-Saharan market and the cell.
But it is Africa that for the Paris and other treatments of the movement there are no biological markets, so they don't look at the blood air and the best that we have is a neuron of 20 minutes.
You have to go to a climate to do it. It's very, very expensive -- and that means that, outside the clinical trials -- they never do.
And what if patients could do it at home.
That would save a digital journey to the climate -- what if patients could do the experience themselves.
You wouldn't need people.
By the way, it costs about about 300 percent in the nervous clinical clinical cell.
So what I want to protect you as a way that it doesn't convince us to try to try to try to try it, you see, in a certain sense at least we are all virtual like my friend James Street.
So this is a video of the vision of the virus climates.
It shows somebody sitting on the stage as they were starting to talk to you, we can imagine as a vaccine of a value battery, because we have to drive all those local oceans to produce sound and we all have the genes -- the Ford -- for example.
And as the balloon, it requires a level of extraordinary behavior.
We think of time that leads to a child to learn to talk about.
And from the sound of the sound -- we can reduce the position of the local careers as they saw it, and as the Paris affect the extraordinary, it also affect the local oceans as well.
In the face of the bottom you can see an example of the local careers of the local cars.
We see the same systems.
You have a value of the value and the recording and the right.
The distance becomes more critical and staying after a car, and this is an example.
How do you compare these experts based on the voice with the social trials -- Well, both are not investigating.
The neural test is not invitation. They use the existing infrastructure there.
You don't need to design a whole series of hospital to do it.
They are predictable. Well, but as well as the experts based on voice are not specifically.
I mean, you can be adapted.
They do very quickly, they take about 30 seconds like a lot.
They are a common cost and we all know what happens.
When something takes a cost as low as it comes to a magnetic scale.
These are a few amazing stories to help them.
So we can reduce the local differences of the patients.
I would not make it to go to the classic for the rich chair.
With the high freedom that we could get a good data.
We could make a lot of carbon under the clinical trials for clinical trials and for the first time, you have a lot of factor to the general scale.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first bacteria of disease before it is too late as well.
So when you give the first steps in that sense, we are taking the Valley Valley from the Park.
Just at Carolina and Parks, we want to remember a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start to make these goals.
We have local lines for about 400 million people in the world.
You know, with or without Park, you can call it the price and let me go up with a certain centers, and I was able to add that we've already heard about six percent of the goal in just eight hours.
Thank you.   Take Redwood, I take all of these shows from all of these shows -- let's say 10 people, you can say who is healthy and who right?
What will you get from these strategies?
Michael Life, yeah, yeah. What happens is that during the call you have to do if you have or not the disease. GG: Of course.
MR: You see, some people can not happen. You may not get it.
But we're going to get a very large show of data in different circumstances, and do it in different creatures is important because we're looking for to fight the factors of conflict in search of the real materials.
DR: Do you have about 70 percent of price at this point, right?
MR: A lot more than that.
In fact, my Studioa student -- I have to put it up, has done a fantastic work and now has shown that it works in the mobile phone network as well.
DR: No.
MR: Of course.
DR: Thank you very much.
MR: Thank you, Take.
Before it was 2002, I made pictures in the city of New York City.
We are concerned creatures -- graduates.
We are going on in the democracy, in the courses without the seals -- and then you take the solar light.
We do the modern models that are still more disappearing, the perfect skin even more likely we do the impossible thing, possible and they grow up in the press all the time, but some of us are really artists with a lot of years with a lot of years of experience and a real like the images and the picture.
The 18 percent of the 2010 saw from my house, just like the rest of the world, the events of the world that are going on in Japan.
A little bit of time later, an organization where I was volunteer, there was Harvard Valley, was in the place working as part of the answer.
I want to do with hundreds of other values we knew that we could not stay sitting in home, so I decided to join the group for three weeks.
The 13 percent of me travel to October.
It's a little people who are working on the Indian pressure of almost 50 people, one of the first people who are used by the object.
And the level of water is getting more than 20 feet away and more than three miles in the middle of it.
As you can imagine, the people was depressed.
We were able to go out of the careers and the boys.
We listen to schools -- we take the side and we leave the ready house to be responsible and relative.
We are going to take a lot of top and top of death, and all of a distribution of the local factory.
And we get together and love us.
For weeks -- as much as the neighbors found similar things.
They found pictures and pictures of pictures and camera careers.
They all did the same thing.
You get them back and bring them into different places of the people around them to get them.
It wasn't until then I realized that these pictures would remember a huge part of the personal people that those people had been sure.
As they get out of the water, and to save their lives, they had to take all of all they have.
At the end of my first week I started to help in a center of the people.
It helps to clean the whole backgrounds of the huge biologists, the great gentlemen.
This place turned out to be also the place of the people where the center center has come up with the pictures of it.
There it took them up and I had the honor that that day will be able to focus on me to clean the pictures of them.
This was exciting and inspired -- I had heard the experience to think beyond the horizontal, but it was not until I was going to go up with me my tools that something happened.
When you look at the pictures -- I found some who had over a hundred years in the lab -- I could not avoid to think about the lab of the lab -- I could not avoid to think about how to fix that gap and reduce that rate and met hundreds of people who could do the same thing.
So that night I went in in Facebook with some of them, and at the next morning the answer was so open and positive -- I knew we had to try it.
So we started to pick up the picture.
This was the first of all.
I was not too strategic, but where the water had had the face of the girl I had to do with a lot of pressure and disappearing.
On the other hand, that guy would not have the aspect of it, and that would be as sad as having the strategic picture.
With the time of time, they came up with more pictures and they needed more records so that I would go back in Facebook and Lincoln and five days later about 80 countries of 12 countries were going to help them.
At the age of two weeks I had 150 people who are going to be able to join them.
In Japan -- we moved to Roman, a whole village at the North Marine.
Once the week we used to use our end in the early pictures that had been inspired, where people were going to recognize their photographs to them.
The time that they were able to take them on is a different story, and it's a different story.
I could imagine a hour -- I could be able to make week.
I could imagine months.
And this guy had to be able to draw in a hand by using the areas of the areas that the color and the water, the water had not discovered it.
It took a long time.
And the water shows all these pictures of supermarkets in the left water, and they were born with backs, and they even go up with the step of the time with the time of the time I continue to build them, and so they were going to take it to hand was a important part of the project.
We couldn't recognize the picture at least that it would be clean -- and I would have been asked by his door.
We had dream with a hand.
We tell you with the water of a antibiotic neighbor.
It's very easy to give you even more the pictures of the pictures of them.
As he said once King, the leader of my group is like making a stream.
You can't be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to make no
The woman who brought us up these pictures had happened to the picture.
I had started to take them out of it, but he was supposed to tell you that it was even more.
I also had disappearing.
Without them, the images of their wife and their own face would not have been able to recognize, we were able to solve the images in a single picture and take the whole picture.
When his pictures came up with some of his story with us.
And a few colleagues of their wife found the pictures in a study of bats between a lot of far where it used to be their house, but their colleagues get it.
The day of the task, his husband was the ability to close the bars on the object.
He had to go inside the water as the sections were going on.
Their little kids -- not so small now, but their two children were in the colleagues -- in different.
One of them came into the water.
I took a week to find all his family and know that everyone had been survived.
The day I gave her pictures in his own son that was finding 14 years.
For it, I despite all of this, those pictures were the best gift that I could do to do, something that he could get to look at -- something that I could remember from the past that I could remember the past that he had been killed by that day when everything in his life changed or it was destroying it.
After six months in Japan 1,000 months had been used to there -- many of them would help us clean over 100 percent of them over 100,000 pictures --  -- the great majority came back to hands of their doors.
More than 500 videos around the world would help us go to 90 families of pictures of a completely resources and recorded.
For this time, we really don't spend more than 2,000 in team and materials -- most of them in the time for imaginations.
We take a lot of concerns.
A picture is a picture of somebody or something, a relationship -- a relationship -- somebody wanted to do.
They are self-assembly of our resources and stories -- the last thing we're going to take us, but the first thing we're going to get to look for.
And about this was the project -- to remember small fish of humanity -- to give someone their connection with the past.
When a picture like this is going on to somebody -- it sounds a huge difference in the life of the person who got it.
This project also took a great difference in the life of the controls.
Some of them connect them with something larger -- to get something -- using their blood for something that are not a perfect skin models of it.
To end up I would like to read this electricity correction. I sent it off the day I came from Japan after six months.
And while I went down, I couldn't avoid to think about people and stories in the images.
A particular picture with women in the grandmother to the small little girl from the grandmother to the small little girl from a baby -- I moved around a baby -- I mean, because a similar picture of my family my farm, my mother, my mother, and my daughter gets born -- the suite of our wall.
In the entire world, in all of our basic needs are the same, right?
Thank you.  And Alexander.
Dr. Germany would be inspired with this picture and curiosity with this picture of a ball that goes up with a ball in an example of just a million seconds.
But now, 50 years later, we can go a million times faster and see the world not to a million or a billion million dollars per second.
I present you a new kind of photograph -- the photography, a new technology that can create videos in the light of light.
And with that we can create cameras that you can see after the restaurants, beyond the line of vision -- or see the inside of the body without using X-ray principles, and they actually challenge the idea of camera in it.
If I take a point to read and put it up and put it up in a biology of second or it is, in many ways you can create a picture of pictures of a little bit of a military military.
And that piece of pictures -- that ball, travel to the speed of light, and, again, a million times faster than a common ball.
If we take that bacteria and this piece of pictures and we apply in this battery, how do those pictures get into this battery?
What is the aspect of light in the light?
Now, all of this --  --                                     -- I remember that all of this happened in less than a second is what it takes to travel the light.
But this video is 10 billion times more slow to see the light in movement.
Constant doesn't apply this research --  -- you have a lot of things in this movie -- to get this information to show what is going on.
The police, our balloon, you go into the edge with a picture of pictures that starts to go through it and that, in the beginning of described.
And part of the light went out, go to the table, and we started to see these adults.
A lot of the pictures finally come to the task and then explain in a number of distances.
As you can see, there is a piece of air air in the Internet.
At that time, the others travel by the table and because of the restaurants of the top of the boat is seeing in the bottom of the baby, after several cars, that the challenges are constructed.
Now, if we take a common and corruption balloon, and we do that I was going to get the same distance and see it in a long camera to about 10 billion times, how many of you think that would take us to see that movie?
A day? A week, in reality, all of a year.
It would be a very nice film --  -- a little bit of a ball in the movement.
And what do we try to do with death, dead?
You can see the obsesses that were going to be able to get out of the table of the table and the wall of the forest.
It's kind of how to bring a piece in a stage.
This is the way the nature lost a picture -- I thought, from a failure at the time, but of course, our eyes see an international compassion.
But if you look at one more time, you will realize that, as the light would be able to put out of the task, it still doesn't know it.
Why? Because the man is killed and the light light in their interest and it comes back after a number of a second.
In the future, when this face is in your mobile mobile they're going to be able to go to the surface and see if the face is married without having to do it.
Why do we create this camera in MIT?
As a photograph -- you know, if we take a picture of experience, you get very little light.
But we're going to get a billion times faster than the most short experience, so it will just get some light.
We took that ball, that paradigm of pictures -- and we went back and over and over again with a very high sensory, we took those data and we put them together together to create those factors that I showed you.
We can take all of those data in front of them and protect them in an interesting way.
They can go back.
Other hours can come back.
And if a new power of a strong future is allowed to see the rights?
The idea is that we could take a little bit of light on the door -- Britain, go into the room, a part of it is going to be done in the door, and from there to the camera.
So where we could extract those multiple brains of light.
It's not science science -- we've already built it.
On the left -- it's our face.
behind the wall there is a market and we will bring light in the door in the door in the door in the door.
After the population of our article in New Countries.
And a small flow of the pictures will go back to the camera but certainly at the time.
And as we have a camera that works like this, our face, it has some unique ability to it.
It has very good fear and you can look at the world to the speed of light.
So we know the distance to the door and also to the dark objects but we don't know what the right point is going to do.
And when you put a place you can get a picture in barrier, which, you see in the screen -- you don't really have any sense.
But we will take a lot of images like this, you know, we are going to keep them and try to send the multiple brain robots of light, and with that, we can see the right object of the right?
Could we see it in 3D?
This is our resource.
We have things to explain before you take this out of the lab, but in the future, we could create cars that are going to send out with what is going on the curve.
Or we could look for sustainable conditions by looking at the light.
Or we could build able to be able to see the inside of the body around the body supporting them, and the same for cars.
But of course, because of the tissue and the blood of this is quite difficult -- so this is a design to the scientists so that they start thinking about physicist as a new view of violence to solve the problems of the next generation.
This is how Dr. Germany, he was a scientist -- he turned the science in art -- an art of ultra-collective photographs -- an art of police photographs -- an art.
I realized that every single data that we recognize every time they are not just for scientists -- but we can be able to be able to be able to do that we can do.
It will create a new form of computer photograph with legal camera and code of color control.
And let's look at those shots. remember, the time between each one of those waves is just a few trillion seconds.
But here is also a fun thing.
If you look at the sunlights under the salt, these are coming from us.
They should move to us.
What happens here?
It turns out that as we are looking at almost the speed of the light, we have strange effects -- to Einstein would have been able to see this picture.
The order that the events are happening in the world sometimes it has been involved by the camera in the world.
And I'm going to apply the heart of space.
It's time. Thank you.
Hello. This is my mobile phone.
A cell can change life, and you give you an individual one.
And with a mobile cell you can photograph a song against humanity in Sile.
With a cell you can take a message and start a project in English.
With a cell you can get a song and put it to Sun and make a famous one.
All of this is possible with a model.
I'm a 1990s and live in the city of Berlin.
Let's go back to that moment, to this city.
So here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people test in a change.
So this is the other of them -- imagine if all these people who are going on in looking for a change, they had a cell in the boat.
Who of people have a cell here?
Let me.
They look at your models, you get them.
Let me show you. A Brazil, a warming way.
It's a lot of -- almost all of you have a model.
But today I'm going to talk about me, of my technology, and how I changed life.
I'll talk about this.
These are 35 lines of information.
data.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of the United States, I put a distribution in the United States.
The University of Data.
And this distribution says that every single European company, every set of the Internet of all Europe -- has to add a massive amount of information of the use.
Who I call who I sent a company to who I sent to you.
Who sent him a text to whom I sent him.
And if we use the model, where we are.
All of this information is used by at least six months, and to two years, in his phone company or his own Internet.
And in all the Europe people went up and said, "We don't want this."
They said they didn't want this data.
We want the authority in the age of a digital and we don't want them to have the telescopes and the Internet protections to make all this information about us.
There were articulated, personalities, states, everyone said, "We don't want this.
And here you can see a few thousand people who went out to the streets of the Bronx and they said, "And I don't tell you, not finance."
And some of them even said that this would be the State 2.0 percent.
The State was the secret of South Africa.
And I also asked me if this works.
Can you add all this information about us?
Every time I use the mobile?
So I asked my television, Delishal Test, that at that time was the largest phone company in Germany, that please send me all the information that they had about me.
You put them up once and then I went back to ask them, and I did not get a short answer -- it was all blood, well.
But then I said, I want to have this information because you are making my life.
And so I decided to be able to imagine a decline because I wanted to have this information.
But Delishal Test said no, we won't give you this information.
And at the end of the end we put it up a resource.
And I would go up with the democracy and they would send me the information that I asked me.
And while the Congress Congress for the beginning of the ancestor of the United States.
And so I got this factor on man with a DNA.
And in the CO2 there was this.
The train and five thousand years of information.
At the beginning I saw them and I said, well, it's a huge article. Okay.
But after a time I realized it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this artist.
It was a little bit science, what should I do with that?
Because you can see where I am -- where I spend the night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information.
I want to make it public to it.
Because I want to show people what the data.
And so I put back to South Oriend and Paris Dance Carro, we did this.
This is a six months of my life.
You can go up and go up, go back and go down.
You can see every step I do.
And you can see how I go from Africa in the train to College, and what I call the transition.
This is all possible with this information.
That gives a little bit of fear.
But it's not just about me.
But of all of us.
First, there are things like, I call my wife and she called me a couple of times.
And then I call me a few friends and they call each other.
And then you call it the other, and the other one to the other, and we ended up with this great network of communities in it.
You can see how their people are community in each other to what time they call each other to each other, which time they get up.
You can see all this.
You can see the centers, the leaders of the group.
If you have access to this information, you can see what's doing society.
If you have access to this information, you can control their society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iran.
This is a model to study the form of your society, because you know who you know who I was talking to who, who gave him a company to who, all of this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information is at least six months in Europe, and to two years.
As I said to the beginning, imagine if all these people in the streets of Berlin, in the 1990s, they had a mobile in the boat.
And the State would have known who I was involved in this project, and, if the State had known who were the leaders -- this would never have happened.
And the entire World Center has never happened.
And in science, I don't have the Earth of Hollywood.
Because today, the state of the state and the companies want to add so much information of us as possible in and outside the website.
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives and they want to take them up to it as well.
But the authority and living in the age was not a control.
But today you have to fight the application.
You have to fight for that at a day.
When you go home to their friends that private is a value of the 20th century and it's not going to be a mountain.
When you go home, you give them to their represents that just because the companies and the studies can take a certain information, you don't have to do it.
And if you don't believe me, you have to ask his phone company -- what information will you take from you.
So in the future, every time you use their models that you have to remember that they have to fight that they have to fight on the application in the distance.
Thank you.
Hero TEDTalks, what happened?
It's not enough.
Hero TEDTalks, what happened?
I call me Mars Zarland, and I'm not about it, but I know the doctor that brought me to the world.
I went back to my mom six times in six different dimensions -- starting to the poor of me in the process.
As a result, I have a brain paradigm, so I have all the time.
Look at me.
It's a computer. I'm like a member of Saturday.
Man and Marine.
Paralyzer.
It's not controlled and it can't tell you.
And no one else is my mother of my mother and didn't control it because my parents were famous beautiful, even though they are.
It just happens to me, like the one that happened to me.
Now, I mean, I am not surprising -- I don't want any of the before.
It feels bad for me, because at some point of life, they have wanted to be discovered.
We're going to go up.
They are in National Center, they are in the massive center -- they have to be able to look for station and what you see it?
I was 16 different places for disappearing.
And you think, God, can I be at least a little bit of a little disappointment?
In addition to you, I tell you, I have 99 problems -- and Dr. C.T. is just one of them.
So there is a career of the option, I would get the picture of the program.
I'm a passion, music, woman, disappearing and living in New Jerusalem.
If you don't feel better, maybe they should do it.
I'm from Park City, in New Jerusalem.
I always love my husband and my disease.
I also love that if I wanted to walk out of my home to New York City.
A lot of people with brain paradigms don't walk out, but my parents don't believe in the cannot.
The next one of my father was, "You can do it back to them being beaten.
So if my three beautiful brothers were listening, I was listening.
If my three beautiful brothers were going to the public school, my parents went to the school system, and they found out that I was also outside of it, and if we didn't get all the next single night we all got the sample of my mother.
My father taught me to walk at the age of five years by putting my backs in his feet and just walking on.
Another thing that I used was to put a dollar in front of me for me to do it.
The stage that I take inside it was very strong -- and so on.
Yeah. The first day in the car rate was walking like a back of bacteria that has got a lot of colleagues.
As I grew up, there were only six robots in my city and they were all of the family.
Now there are 20 robots, and they continue to be all of the family --  I think nobody realized that we were no longer animals.
This was before 18 and that the politicians would think about used to use "The musicians as a campaign.
The people who grew up didn't have problems with my faith.
You don't know, it seemed to be able to be able to be able to do a lot of man during the radio.
I was told that I had enough free to live for three months without eating it, so I'm going to end up the standard of the approach is very easy.
Bang in Bronx.
Yes, in Brazil.  And my parents could not pay the physical temperature -- so they were sent to the school school school.
I learned to break with antibiotics, or it is that I can walk with antibiotics.
I am from New Jerusalem, and there we want to be kids, so if my friends were using attacks, I too.
And when my friends were going to go up with the sea vaccines in the cost of Japan, I didn't go.
I was going on my window in a war of war, because my parents would take that if we don't go back to Pakistan all the versions, we become Monday.
In the values of summer often my father was going to go up, so I had a little bit of classic -- I put me out on the shoes, and I put me out on the sand of the Martin Maria, and I remember that the water took me the eyes and I thought, "You know, it works.
But the military culture was the monkey.
I have to say it's very nice -- but before I made it was a strategic state that I couldn't put out of footprint "Defense.
And now I can get in the head.
My parents would reduce this idea that I could do anything -- that no dream was impossible and my dream was to be in the Hollywood Hollywood.
I went to the University through the positive direction and I got a baby for the United States, University of the state of America, because I was in all of the courses.
It was like the legal legacy of the teacher demonstration.
They all loved me.
I did all the lessons of the less intelligent in my own.
Every time I did a scene of the process of the crisis of my teachers who were coming up.
But I never got a paper.
And finally, in my last year, the United States decided to make a work called Bang very slow in Japan.
This is a girl of a girl with brain.
I was a little girl with brain.
So I started to get the four views, "The end will have a patient.
I have brain paradigm.
At the end of the first language, at the end of the land."
Thank you to God, at the end of a strategy.
I did not get the role --  -- they gave him to Steve Bronx.
I was going to be able to go up with the director of the teacher of the teacher democracy, which has been something that if someone would have killed my car, to ask why and she said to me that because they think I couldn't do the risk of risk states.
And I said, "Hey, if I can't do the risks of risk -- you can't do the personality.
It was a role for which I literally had been born and they gave it to a brain without brain.
The college was taking my life.
Hong has a certain story of taking action to a discovery for patients of disappearing.
At the time, I went back home, and my first reason it was as an extreme in a television.
My dream became reality.
And I knew that it would be a control of "The "Strains, in a search of a state.
Instead, I went there as a brother, and I didn't see me more than the neighborhood, and it was used for me to have a lot of card distributions they were not going to be able to be able to be able to do not blood artists, and it was not black with disability.
They just against perfect people.
But there were experiments to the rules.
I grew up looking at Wall Gold, Robert Bang, and all these women had one thing in common -- they were food.
And so I made me human.
And in my first government I took a famous fire of New York to New York to New York and never forget the face of the first field that I was going to high when I was going to high speed for the car of New Jesus with a control that had a brain.
I worked in the United States of all the United States -- and also in the Middle East in the next next and without control.
Some people say that I'm the first mobile world.
I never like to remember the first place, but I know that you never heard that little dark death that says that women are not fun -- and they find very fun.
In 2008, my sister of another mother and father -- Dr. Discover, and I went up with the Facebook Force For New York, now in his 10 years.
Our goal was to change the negative image of Americans in the media media and at the time you will remember it to the recording distances that sustainable and Arab is not sensitive.
It was actually much easier to fight against the challenge of the distribution of distribution.
My great opportunity came in 20 percent.
I was as invited by the name of the news news behavior with Kenya Obama.
And I was going to be at a back of graduate, and I was brought up to a study and sat up in a search side.
I looked at the director and I said, "Hey, can you give another chair?
She looked at me and he said, five, three, three, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two.
And we were in life.
So I went to me to the presentation of the pressure to not go out of the screen for the second, and when I ended up the interview, I was passionate.
At the end of my opportunity I had my opportunity and the democracy. I knew that they would not go back.
But not just the Mr. Oriend came back to invite, but it was as a particular time in a whole time and I asked my chair for me.
Some fun thing that I learned in the direction with Kenya.
It says that kids are creatures, but they never had a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of mine.
All of a sudden, my distribution on the Internet was got out of blood.
And I look at computers like that, "Why do you live?
Is it recording?
And my favorite, poor blood forest.
What disease does it do?
We should really run for it.
A question is even going to be able to add my distribution to my current, and you know, the participation of it.
Design is as visual as the race is.
If someone in the silence is not going to be able to do Benjamin, then you can't do somebody in the silence in the subjects.
The discovering is -- yeah, they are -- you know, you go. Let's go.
The discoveries are the largest military in the world, and the most successful in the world.
The doctors said it wouldn't walk out, but I'm here in front of you.
However, I have grown up with the media media -- I don't think I was going to be.
I hope that we can create more positive images of democracy in the media and in the controlled life.
Maybe if there were more positive images -- that would make less hate on the Internet.
Or maybe no.
Maybe we still need all of the society to teach our children.
My journey has led me to very special places.
I was going to walk by the red radio face by the story of the States Super Lucificant and the Russian Arts Russia.
I was going to act in a film with Alan Sam and work with my pain -- the incredible Dr. Mars.
And I remember the world by the world by the world's bears have become college.
I went up with the great state of the great state of New Jerusalem in the India.
And I went up with "The Gods of Mars, a basic organization to give kids a little bit of what my parents told me.
It was the only time my father saw me going in life, and he gave him this talk to his memory to it.
It was painting in peace -- painting.
I call me Mars Zarlan, and if I can, you can also can.
I'd like to tell you a story about a little kid of a small people.
I don't know his name, but I know his story.
It lives in a small village to the South Sun.
This village is about Marine.
The supermarket is going to be a small village to the poverty and the bottom of the innovation.
No anything for him there, it's going to the great city, in this case, Maria, the capital of South South South.
When it comes there, there are no opportunities -- there is no work, no work.
He was going to live in a car in the city of Monterey of Monterey.
After maybe a year, nothing.
One day you get a woman who offer him to get it to stand up, after the design to disappear.
I know a group of people, which gives him a design.
It gets a little bit of money to get a new money to get a new money to send home to their family.
They present a young one.
It finally gets home.
It starts a new life.
It has a life.
A beautiful day in Monterey, under a blue sky.
That little child of that little village with the great quality of the great quality was the supermarkets -- and that digital group of people were at the Stanford, a terrible organization connected to the Facebook.
So how do the story of a little kid in a little village trying to make their dreams in the city end up with him.
He was waiting for him.
I was waiting for an opportunity -- waiting to start his future, waiting for a future, and this was the first thing that I got it.
This was the first thing that we call the "The perfect period.
And his story is about urban centers around the world.
This is the story of the markets, young urban urban trains that they were destroyed in Johnson, they were destroyed in London, who look for something beyond the hope of hope."
For young people, the big dream of the city is the great dream of the city is the opportunity of the city -- of work, but the young people are not part of their cities.
It often is the understanding that the most high rate of personality.
By 2010, three of every five people who live in cities will be less than 18 years.
If we don't include the young people in the growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunities -- the story of the hope of hope, the door of access to the terrorists, to violence -- to the violence, to be the story of the cities.
And in my city, Marian, 70 percent of the young people are discovered.
70 percent doesn't work, it's not going to school.
They don't just do anything.
I went back to Maria last month -- and I went to visit the Hose Monterey, the hospital where I was born.
I remember to be at that hospital.
And if I would have seen it forced to be in that same "design of hope?
Would I have become a terrorist."
I'm not really sure about the answer.
The reason I was in Mars that I was in Mars that was actually to add a little bit of the leaders in a complete coral.
And I went back to about 90 percent of the sustainable leaders here.
We felt and we had a sense of ideas about the solutions to the big challenges that face the city.
One of the young people in the room was Alan.
He went to the University of Monterey, it goes up.
There was no work, no opportunity.
I remember when he said to me, because he was a gravitational university -- study, freedom, was the perfect white for the Stanford and other terrible organizations to be recently.
They look for people like him.
But this story takes a different way.
In Mars, the biggest chance to get from the point of the point.
You see the vision years of civil war have developed the visual system, and a math can be the most easy way to move in.
You see an opportunity and the application.
It started a business company here.
It started by making the local researchers who normally couldn't buy them.
They buy 10 dollars, with the help of their family and friends, and his dream is at some time to express hundreds of doctors during the next three years.
Why is this story different.
What does this different story do?
I think his ability to identify and take a new opportunity.
This is the entire spirit, and I think that the body spirit can be the most powerful tool against the hope.
And the young people are going to be the creatures of economic opportunities that are looking at so depressing.
And you can train the young people to be entrepreneurs.
I want to talk to you about a young man who came to one of my man, March Monterey, a flower.
I was helping to train some of the young people in the front of the business investment, and how it will be invitation, and how to create a culture of the business institution.
In fact, this is the first flow that Manhattan has seen in over 25 years, and until it does that, even if you want to come up with your back for your baby, you were used by the plane to get out of the extraordinary.
If you ask someone to say, "When was the last time you saw freedom flowers?
For those who grew up during the civil war, the answer would be, "No.
So Maria saw a opportunity.
It started a company of patients and force design.
I created a farm in the outside of Monterey, and he started to grow technical and little little children, which in said, you could survive the career of Montana.
And he started the flow of flowers for baby, creating languages in the house, and the companies of the city, and now it's working on the creation of the first public part of Maria in 25 years.
There are no public parts in Monterey.
It wants to create a space where the families -- the young people, you can go together, and as he says, you can take the professional rocks.
And by the way, he doesn't grow bacteria because they use a lot of water.
So the first step is to be inspired to young people, and in that room, the Mars pressure had a really profound impact in young people.
They had never thought about getting a business.
They had thought about working for a BR: working for the government, but their story, their innovation actually had a strong impact about them.
I forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunity.
And you can believe that they could be excited, that they could be artistic from change.
For the end of the day, they had an invisible solutions for some of the biggest challenges that face the city.
They have a local solutions for local problems.
So inspired the young people and create a culture of business specialization is really a great step -- but the young people need to be able to make their ideas.
They need experience and obsession to get them into the development and put into their business.
They connect the young people with the resources that need the support that you need to move from the conversation to creation -- and create cars for urban growth.
So for me, the business spirit is something more than to start a business.
It's to create a social impact.
Marcus is not just looking at flowers.
I think it's seeing hope.
His Paris Park, this is how I call it -- when it's created -- to transform the way people see their city.
They have been able to have kids on the street to help someone and keep the doctors for him.
He gave them the opportunity to stress from the spinal species.
These young people are having a huge impact in their cities.
So my question is, they turn the young people in the entrepreneurs, they get up and feed their intelligent innovation -- and they will have more stories about flowers and parts of the peace that carries and "states.
Thank you.
I was about a few years old, and I went to act with my dad in the Mountain Mountains, an open area at the state of New York City.
It was a beautiful day.
The forest.
The sun would make the sides like a virus, and it's not going to be the way that we go on, we almost could be able to figure out that we were the first human beings in put that Earth.
We got to our field.
It was a corruption in a rest with a beautiful line of a critical line when I discovered something hard.
behind the corruption there was a balloon, from about four feet ago with the headlines of a straight paradigm particular balls and an old paradigm particular.
And I was still and I was very excited and incredibly confident.
The careers that were too much like to get out of what they had brought up, who thought it was going to clean your back?
That question next to me, and it's just a little bit.
Who clean our back?
No matter how or where you put the "shoulder, who clean our back in Sudan."
Who clean our basis in Iraq or in London or in London.
So here in New York, the Security of Saturday listened to our back -- at the age of 16 tons of democracy and two tons of productive products every day.
I wanted to know you as individuals as individuals like it.
I wanted to understand who does that work.
What does it feel to be used to use and take that career?
So I started a research project with them.
I travel in the backs and I walked through the trains and I walked into people in office and institutions in the entire city, and I learned a lot of it, but it was still an interface.
I needed to get more.
And so I started working as a balloon record.
Now it's not just going to go in the backs. I do it.
And I would open the mechanical stars and broke the night.
It was a private note and an amazing learning.
They all ask the object.
It's there, but it's not as soon as they believe -- and in the days that it's very strong you can be used very quickly to get up.
It costs a lot of used to the weight here.
I met people who had been working on it for several years, and their bodies are continue to get up to the weight of taking on their body tasks every week.
It's also the dangerous.
All of the time, with the Organization of the Laboratory States, the relationship of the resources is one of the most dangerous most dangerous.
You're coming out and coming into the traffic every day and they go around around you.
They just want to go up, so in general the conversation is not paying attention to it.
That's very bad for the work.
And also the bacteria is full of fish that often get out of the path and they make terrible data.
I also learned about the back of the back.
When you go out of the course and you see a city from the top of the wall, you get to understand that bacteria is like a force of nature.
I never stopped coming back.
It's also like a form of responsibility or climate.
It should always be in movement.
And it's also the state.
It seems like the state is especially increasing because I think that I think the resources of the responsibility are the most important way in the streets of the city, for three reasons.
They're the first projects of public health.
If you don't get rid of the sensory form and effective every day, this starts to get out of their control and their institutions in a very real.
diseases that we had control for decades, and the century is going to go back and start to give them.
The economy needs them.
If we can't get rid of the old space for the old thing for what the economy of the economy starts to figure out when it is in the control of the control.
I'm not running by the capital, just by the way.
And then there is what I call our average distance down.
With it I mean just to the speed of the speed that we used to move in the content of the control.
We usually don't worry about us, we are not going on, and we are going to be able to get out of us and we get to us and we get out of us, our ball of the markets, our water.
We use them -- we get them out of them, we get them out of them, because we know there is a work of work on the other side that will be able to get from it.
So today I want to show you a couple of ways that you think about the relationship of resources that maybe help us reduce the state and get it in that conversation about how to design a healthy and human city.
His work, I think, is almost literally.
They are in the street every day, in a radio way.
They use a music in many cities.
You know when you do it.
And his work allows us to do the us.
They're almost a form of adult.
The flow that keep us leave ourselves from ourselves, from our own destinations, and that flow has always to keep a form or another.
One day after the 18 percent of the 1990s -- I heard the group of a record relationship in the street, and I went to my little son -- and I went up with my small son -- and there was a man doing his piece of paper.
And I tried to thank you to do his work that day in particular -- but I began to close it.
And I looked at me and he just looked at me, and he said, "We will be right.
We're going to be good."
A little bit after that, I started to try to get the relationship to the resources and I went back to that man.
It's called Pakistan, we work together a lot of times and we did good friends.
I want to believe that Paul had right.
We're going to be good.
But in our effort to recognize the way we are in this planet as a species we have to be able to understand and have to have all the cost -- even the very real human cost of the hand.
And the moral responsibilities, what we think when we talk about battle, they represent three percent of the amount of responsibility of it.
It's a remarkable state.
So in the flow of their days and their lives, the next one that you see somebody whose work is to clean the battle of you, you take a moment to recognize them.
It took a moment to tell you thank you.
My work is focused on the connection of thinking about our community life in the environment where architecture is born from the conditions of the conditions and local traditions.
Today I brought two recent projects like this.
So both projects are sitting in emergency countries -- one in Europe and the other in Texas.
They also share the fact that the different animals from different perspective.
The first example started with an investment to design a manufacturing center of a number of steps in the school of States, Angeles Alexander.
This is the kind of building that we showed us as an example, to my team and me, about what we had to design.
At the beginning, the first thing I thought was, "I want to get out.
After seeing some of these buildings there are many of these buildings there are a lot of in the city we realized that there are three important things to go back.
In the beginning, these buildings are almost vulnerable because they have very large people in which people can't give the light to buy things.
Second, you need to get a lot of energy because of the representation with the record with the concern in the Internet, so it is a lot of factor.
In a city that this should not happen because this is about a typical climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees over the year.
And at the third place, his aspect has nothing to do with Africa or State.
This is a piece of pressure in a place that is so rich in culture and traditions.
In our first visit to Ethiopia, it was really connected with the old market that is this structure to the free air where thousands of people, go and buy things all the days to small virus.
There is also that idea of using public space to generate extreme activity.
And so I thought, that was what I really wanted to design -- not a commercial center.
But the question was how to build a modern building -- from several countries, apply these beginning.
The next challenge is starting to identify the site -- which is used in a lot of a long growth of the city, where a lot of the buildings that we now see in the picture, don't exist.
And it's also between two side streets that don't communicate in a hundreds of hundreds of feet.
So the first thing we did was to create a connection between these two street, using all of the buildings of the building.
And this is spread with an amazing air that creates a space in the bottom of the building in the building that goes together, by their own way, from the sun and it.
And around this space we've apply the idea of the market with small business, which change in every step because of the form of space.
I also thought, how do you close the building.
I wanted to find a solution that respond to local climate conditions to it.
And I was going to think about a similar situation to a silence of ants with personalities to allow the air of the air and also from light, but in a flat way.
And then we inspired us in these beautiful bacteria of the ecosystems of the ecosystems.
They have profiles of the French genome, and this helped me to move the face.
We are building that with these small pieces that are the senses that are going to leave the air and light in a different way to the building.
And this is made up of these little colors of colors that use the light of the inside of the building to get the building on the night.
With these ideas not to be easy to convince the development because they thought, "That's not a commercial center -- it wasn't what we decide.
But we all realized that this idea of the market was going to be much more likely than the modern center of the commercial center because in the end of a few times there were more local to sell up.
And also the idea of the face was a lot more economic -- not only because of the material in compassion with the life, but also because it was not needed to have a controlled air.
And so we get certain save people in the building that we use to get the project.
The first thing was to think about how to get the energy control for the building in a city where electricity is almost every day.
So we got a great advantage by putting pictures in the roof.
And then under those pieces we think about the ground as a new public space with areas of meeting and banks that will create this urban origami.
And these parts in the roof, that in the number they recognize water for the search of the Internet.
It was waiting for the next year, because we're going for the back of the construction of the construction of it.
The second example is a professional plan of 2,000 applications and services in the city of Times.
And to make a project, the biggest project that I have designed -- I needed not only to understand the city of Turkey, but also to their environment, their traditional and the culture.
And during that analysis I put special attention in the middle -- a structure of a thousand years that I was surrounded by a wall with a death of access of access that are connected by the almost recent line.
When I went to the place, the first design of design that we did was to make the exact streets that we did was to create the exact streets in size and careful to the ones that there are in Barry and other cities in Europe.
In addition to that, we set up a few amazing points in relationship to the idea of the living door with recent lines -- and this means the initial model.
And the last thing was to think about the cell -- the small cell of the project -- like the approach, as an essential part of the plan play.
I thought, what would it be the best organization for an approach in the middle climate?
And it's normal, because it creates a typical difference between both side of the house and so a nature.
So we put a line that I sure most of the approaches are perfectly obsessed in that direction.
And this is the result that is almost as a combination of the European forest and the Arab city.
It has these balls with patterns, and then in the planet we have all the connections for the personalities.
And it also respond to the local rules that are going to be a greater diversity in the top levels and a less less on the planet.
And I also chose this idea of the door of the dead.
The rest -- which is my favorite space of the project is almost how to go back to the community of the space in the construction of it.
This is where all the neighbors, you can go up and survive, and make activity as much as to run a two miles out of the morning, or to get out of a building to another.
These two examples have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they are in emotional countries, where you can see the cities literally growing up.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in life of people change communities and local economy at the same rate that they grow the building.
For this reason, I see even more important to look at the architecture looking for simple solutions -- but all of us who improve the relationship between the community and the environment and they have as a goal to connect nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight years old, a new little girl came to our class -- it was so remarkable -- as you see all new kids.
I had a lot of very brilliant fish and a little state of paintings, burning -- was supposed to be strong for the states of the states -- very good for surgery.
I ended up that year and I was full of cells -- until I brought my search out.
And one day I got a time after the school of school. It was a little bit late and I went in the bottom of the kids.
When the cost was destroyed, I went out in the car room, I took from the table of my teacher the book.
And then, I did.
And I was attacked by my reason, just a little bit, just a little bit.
All of the time.  And I was willing to give you the book to the box, but to see, some of my other companies had very good news as well.
So in a framework, I cut the note of the whole world, without any imagination.
I put all of them out of Pakistan and myself a picture of San, just to be there, because I can.
I'm still surprised by what I did.
I don't understand how the idea.
I don't understand why I felt good.
I felt important.
I don't understand why I didn't get me.
It was that it was all that it was that it was that it was all depressed obvious obvious one.
They never found me.
But on the whole thing to me, I found the reason why I showed you that this slide, so small -- it was so good for surgery.
I was interested by the cells.
They are so mysterious and so personal.
We know the babies are coming out of cells.
And also the prisoners -- the blue birds are very powerful.
We know that the cells are the number one of the number one of the careers in the U.S.
And yet, I have never seen a study that comes up with sustainability, or the long direction or the training.
And so you have to go to the fish, because the news are like the lab that they study the cells in all their possible.
In fact, I don't know if it is a spirit to say that if there was no cells, I would have just been able to have a little bit.
Well, there was no Health -- there was no "government?
There would be not cell control, not a bird and a night?
There was no Saturn Shake.
They would take the list of the legacy of high school, because we would be losing "The Russia and the Ford, there was no "Goodbye?
If you have no colleagues, there is no President. I know that it is in a way to say that it has the answers for all, and, in how much of the cells, almost that has all of them.
This year, you get a 100 years of his transformation, and you look for the lower time, the most exciting study of the sexual colleagues and also of the organic company -- I mean, everything we could have --  and thinking about President, we have the feeling -- right?
We think about a child trying to figure out the dream.
We think about a hunger manufacturing in your landscape.
We forget about how hard that image.
We forget about how important it is.
I mean, this is about books that Viston Woman said were as hard as a car transport.
I don't know how it is in the car, but we know that it's surprised.
Let's see why they are so good together, the normal and the cells, the cells and the Pole.
It will be very obvious as the cells -- that you get to the person -- to their desire -- are a little bit of a search strangers.
I don't know -- I think we get very close to the body, when we think about what happens when we feel a hundred dollars.
When we feel cells, we tell ourselves a story.
A story about the life of other people, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make us feel bad.
It's going to be at the same time and audience -- we know exactly what they are going to do, to cut the charge, right?
The cells make us all of us who are going to do all of us who are going on, and that's something that I tried to understand it.
Everything that she does to give me a little bit of the other way to go to another one, maybe right now.
And it starts to say to itself that story, and since then, it says that every single amount of fragment that Steve deserves in his mind, it goes down to his collection of transportation in their private camera.
And you have to let sure that Steve and Protest, they were extremely collective.
You know, the Poles of President would have to take the country, if they wanted to break with him.
But you don't have to be so expensive to recognize that it's a hard work. Right?
The cells are active.
This is a human emotions -- you have to feed it.
And how are the cells?
The cells are born from information.
The cells use the details.
By the cells like the big amounts of brown pieces and the little strange state of patients.
The cells are born from the picture.
This is why I institute is so successful --   I try well the language of the action with the cells.
When Steve is in his colleagues of cells, suddenly I heard behind the door of the door and the substance of their love, then it depends on those behavior.
He says, "Look, I know that you think this is responsible, but it's not different to the interaction of an old text or looking at a mountain."
He says, "It's scientific research with real visual value.
It is trying to show that the cells are trying to show us that the cells are going on and they make us seem antibiotic, but in their mind, they are search of knowledge -- a real distribution of the truth -- in fact, in fact, in fact, in fact, the more day the truth -- the better.
The pain -- the design, the foreign, the principle, the principle, the property of President.
He says, "You know, a woman who we need -- that it makes us have a lot of a much more deep sense and a much more deep sense that a man knows that we can be interested in.
Is it telling us that we're going to look for crimes crying?
No, I think it's trying to tell us that cells are getting us to ourselves.
And there is some other emotions that makes us open in this particular way that is so particular to us.
Is there any other emotions to get us up to our adventure, our advertising antibiotics and our rights?
Have any other emotions that taught us to look at the intelligence so passion?
And I was able to write about this as well.
One day, Africa was seen by a young young man that was connected with the idea that his woman was sharing it.
And he said that there was something strange in that man who didn't look at what his wife was.
And she was incredible, everybody knew it.
The poor creatures was under sustainability without any case.
But he was looking for things that I did his wife -- without giving you, intentional behavior.
Do you have a lot of the support of a man -- you know, you have a man with a man, you know?
He said that the man was becoming the customer of the institution of his wife of his wife of his wife, and he was going to be.
The news are very good at this.
The news describe very well how the cells are going to look at intensive, but without presentation.
In fact, the more increase you are, the more that we become a lot of the failure.
And for this reason, I think, the cells are going to make a whole little bit of visual or income actions.
The cells are going to be able to share in a completely important ways.
Now I'm thinking about me at the age of eight years, I recognize it, but I'm also thinking about this story I heard in the news.
A woman from Michael 24 years of age was able to have created a fundamental story in Facebook since that you were sent in the visible messages -- honest to yourself for a year.
For a year. All of a year.
She was trying to encourage the new neuron of his end -- I have to trust that when or this, I have to be able to recognize with antibiotics.
Because we are true.
So what do you know, even though it's going on, creativity -- right? Right?
It's like normal.
And as a business of Paris Haiti.
Higgs is one of my favorite favorites.
She is a very strange period and brilliant from the American light.
It's the car of "The "Strains in a Treatographic and "The Tasmanian Stone. Back -- books that are trying to try and get our mind, and once we are in the scale, in the rest of the cells, the death that I know is what it might be, it can be a sense in a strong.
Let's take Rome Richard, his most famous person.
Tom Richard is going to do or want what you are going to be able to be able to be able to be able to have, and it's under the floor -- it turns out to your name -- it takes your bars, you get your banks on your back and you get your back to your back care.
It's a way.
But what do we do? We can't take the Robert River.
I can't give you all over the world, as much as sometimes I want to do it.
It's a little bit, because we live in time.
We live in time.
I mean, we are good citizens of social networks where the death is the engineering? Right?
The news show us the salary? I'm not sure that I'm not sure here.
So we're going to do what people are always doing when they are not sure when they are in the middle of a minute.
Let's go to the 2727 in Bangalore Steve and we asked by San Hollywood.
When people think about Hall, you think about the mission in the Mars Monterey, that kind of crime general.
But I've always been able to have the Internet Andrew, the Charles Carro Carro Carro who needs to have the Park designers, it needs the Gene Germany, but he did it.
Oh, it sounds so family.
He needs his help -- but it turns out it and broke it up in the each one of the missions.
But as they work together, something starts to change, and finally in "The Senate Sendrien of the Silicon News, once you get to go into all of them with their solution -- let me go back to Hollywood and say, "We are not celebrating, Mr. Hollywood.
We're proud of you.
And he tells him that there is no person in Paul Harvard who didn't want to take your hand.
This is one of the few times that we see Harvard transported in the story. I think this is very exciting -- that stage is also mystery, right?
It seems to try to treat the cells as a general problem, without education.
You know, in a minute Harvard is the opposite side of Lester.
In the middle of the next side.
All of a sudden, it would be allowed to add that idea of being him.
Could it still be so simple, right?
What happens if the cells are really a general issue -- just a question of where we allow us to be in relationship to the other.
Well, maybe we don't have to get out of the existence of the other.
We can take it with it.
But I just like the control of control.
So as we hope that that happened, we remember that we have the science to get them.
And just the fishing describes the cells.
The fish used to do the discovery, the invited to the table.
And you look at what I did -- the Latin Lester, the Art Lady, the London State, the same Stanford Prison.
We are in a company explored.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
The 21 percent of 1960s was left out of the mountain motor of the Australia of the Australia -- and I decided about the March of the Reality.
And Arabic and Alexander were alone -- but their pressure in the top surface was the quality of a political process.
The Arab program was the biggest movement in time in the U.S. history.
To get to the Mount, NASA spend about 100 billion dollars in today, or about four percent of the physical future.
The Australia has been working at about 400 people and he asked the color of 20 companies and companies of the government.
They died people, including the training one.
But before the Protest Protest printer, 24 men travel to the London.
It takes on the surface of the surface of the surface of the death of Arabic last year -- is now the most antibiotic.
So why did they do?
They didn't take a lot of the back -- 375 years of old rocks, and something that the 25 of them is going to do that, a new sense of the little sense and the private of our home.
Why did they were, the climate answer is that the president president wanted to show the solutions, that this nation had better colleagues.
But the words of Kenya in the University of rich in 19th is giving us a better idea.
John Face.
Why do you turn it into our goal."
And you could also ask, why would you explain the most healthy?
35 years ago, why would you fly on the Arts: why do you fly on the Arts: why do you fly on the Arts: why do you fly on the Arts: why do you fly on the Arts: why do you fly on the Arts: why do you fly on the Arts: why do you fly on the Arts: why do you fly on the Arts: why do you fly
Why do I play Richard against Tests?
We choose to go to the London.
We choose to go to the London.
We choose to go to the London in this decades, and do other things, not because they're simple, but because they're hard.
James Pole, for the controls, the Australia was not just a virus of the West on the World War in the war.
In the time, the most strong education was the way that you can get to the transportation of the technology.
They were because it was a great thing to do it.
The land in the London happened in a context of a long list of technology.
The first half of the 20th century produced the light line and the airplane, the painting and the vaccine for the transportation.
In the middle of the century -- the police of the police and you get the virus.
The technology seemed to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to call the article "short?
For most of the history of human history -- we could not go faster than a head, or a barrier with video, but in 1998, the train of the Audience 10 comes to 40 miles or a hour.
In front of, no human being back to the London.
No one has worked faster than the University of the technology of technology has been excited about the power of technology that we imagine that technology is going to be able to go to Mars -- to create a clean energy -- to create the cancer, or to feed the world population seem to have been internationally.
I remember looking at the authority in the 1960s.
I was five years old, and my mother told me that you don't look at the strategic train called the Saturday Saturn Carol.
I knew that this would be the last half of it, but I was completely sure I was going to be able to see the conditions in Mars.
So that is what happened to our ability to solve problems with technology has become a common place.
We put it all the time.
We've heard about the two days here at TED.
It looks like the technologies would have shown us and they would have gone up with traditional places, things like iPhones, things like ideas, or social networks that are going to take the completely completely self-assembly.
There's nothing wrong in most of these things.
They have moved and interviewed our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems of humanity.
What happened?
There is a particular experience in Silicon Valley, which is that they have created less amazing companies that are for the years of the years in which the Internet is forgive, Michael, Allen and General.
Silicon Valley says that markets are the cards, in control, the institutions that the risk of risk is going to offer the entrepreneurs.
Silicon Valley says that the risk of risk is also changing the creation of traditional ideas by the end of international problems.
But I don't think this experience is good enough.
And it looks pretty much what is wrong in Silicon Valley.
Even when the risks of risk were in their fashion point without worry about the risk -- they have a little bit of the risk -- they have a little bit of the missions that you could go out in 10 years.
China has always had problems to invest with benefit in technologies as energy -- that you need a huge capital and whose development is a long time. They also have never invented in the development of technologies to solve big problems because they don't have an amazing value value.
No, the reasons that we can't solve the big problems are more complicated and deep people.
Sometimes we choose not to solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we want.
NASA has been designed by a plan.
But go to Mars would be a political decision that was popular -- and that will never happen.
We don't go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things to do on Earth.
Sometimes we can't solve the big problems because the political systems are going on.
Today, less than two percent of the global world of energy energy of energy energy and sustainability and biology. less than two percent.
The natural gas and natural gas are more bacteria than solar energy and electricity, and the oil is higher than the biology.
We want an alternative energy power that you can compare in price -- they don't exist.
Now, the technologies and the economists are agree about what political and the economists are agree about how political and international energy is going to be an alternative energy energy -- a significant increase in the research and development of energy -- and some kind of control of the price of the career.
But there is no hope in the political climate that we will see an energy policy of the United States or try to be interested by the consequence of the consequence.
Sometimes the big problems that seem like technology, it turns out not to be.
We know from a long time that men are result in the factory of food.
But 30 years of research have taught us that men are political critical crisis that affect the food.
The technology can improve things like the cultures or the systems for the antibiotics and the solutions of food, but there will be men while there are bad government.
By the end, the big problems sometimes take a solution because we don't understand the problem.
The president North Depression will tell the war at cancer.
The hard problems are hard.
It's not true that we couldn't solve the problems with technology.
We can say, but these four elements have to be present -- the political leaders and the population must want to solve the problem, the institutions have to support the solution -- it has to be really about a technology, and we need to understand it.
The Australia mission -- which has become something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve big problems -- just with those crimes.
But it's a model in the future.
We are not in 2008.
There is no good company like in the War War -- there's no policy like John Kenya that helps the difficult and the dangerous thing, and there is not a particular science of science science as to explore the solar system.
In general, go to the London turned out to be simple.
I was just three days.
And really, I was not even doing any problem.
We are only in our present and the solutions of the future will be more difficult to do.
God knows that we don't get the challenges out.
Thank you very much.
Well, I'm going to talk about the trust -- and I'm going to begin to get you to recognize the ideas that they have on the control.
They are so common that they have become circumstances of our society.
I think they're three.
The first one is a record, there has been a great diversity of the conflict -- it's a very general creation of it.
The second one is a goal -- we should have more control.
And the third one is a task, we should be able to recognize the conflict of it.
And I think the region, the goal and the task has been wrong.
What I'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a record, a goal and a task, which I think it gives you a more clear idea about the issue.
First of all, why do people think that trust has discovered?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence -- I don't know the answer.
I was invited to think that it can have been done in some activity or institutions and that could have gone into others.
I don't have a clear thing.
But I can get to the strategies of operation, and the options of choice are just the source of the belief that the trust has been discovered.
When you look at the strategies in the time, there are not many evidence of it.
I mean, the people who were designed about 20 years ago, and it will basically be intense and political -- they continue to be inspired by the same description.
And the people who were very confident about 20 years ago, they still have a lot of conflict, black, nurses.
The rest of us are in the middle -- and by the way, the average city of the street is almost exactly half the way.
But this is this good enough evidence for it?
And what you have to do is that the options of operation are going to come out are, of course, opposites.
What else can you recognize?
What you see is the genetic activity that people are doing when they make certain questions.
Consider in the politics, Congress in the markets?
Now, if someone would ask you to ask you in the grounds?
Consider the fisheries?
Considerations in the prisoners of prison?
You would probably start to ask you, "What do you do what?
And that would be a very serious answer.
And you could say, when you have to tell your question, "Well, I trust you in some of them in some other not.
So what it's very rich.
In digital life in real life, we tend to leave the trust in a different way.
We don't know that the level of trust that we're going to feel for a different type of office -- it works or kind of person -- it's going to be multiple in every case.
And I could say, for example, to say that I trust a certain teacher that I know to give you the kind of region, but in any way to drive the school microbes.
After all, I could know that it wasn't a good conflict.
It could trust me in my most crazy friend to keep a conversation but no, maybe to get a secret for it.
simple.
And if we've got those evidence in our everyday lives in the way that trust is different, why do we leave all of that knowledge when we think about trust in the most artistic way in the way that we think about it.
And I think the states are very bad tools to measure the real level of real trust because they try to obvious the good interview for the fact to focus on something or something.
Second, what about the goal."
The goal is to have more control.
And I think, I think it's a static goal here.
It's not that the goal that I would present.
I was going to be more aware of what it is to be able to trust it, but not what it is.
And I am a sense of not going to trust what it's not confident.
And I think that those people who were able to break up their save situations with the very amazing called Santa. March, that then he was going on with them, I think of them, and I think, well, you were too confident.
It will have more trust is not an intelligent goal in this life.
It's depressed or national with intelligence -- that's the right.
Once you say it -- you know, you know, you know, you know, that means that what matters in the first place is not control, but conservation.
And that's what it is to do is to make a consumer about how far the people are in destruction in destructions.
And I think that in order to make a character, we're forced to focus on three things.
Are they compared? Are they homework? Are they responsible?
And if we found that one person is a company in the personal materials, and it's responsible and home, then we will have a very good reason to focus on it, because it's going to be a disappointment of trust it.
But yes, by the control, they are not responsible for you, we couldn't trust them.
I have friends who are companies and hours -- but not to trust them to take a letter to the coral, because they are.
I have friends that are very sure that you can do certain things, but I see that they are going to get their own company.
And I got a lot to say that I think I don't have a lot of friends that are companies and responsible but extremely disappearing.
If it's like that, I still haven't seen me.
But that's what we're looking for is what we're looking for.
The trust is the answer.
The conflict is what we have to play out.
And of course, it's hard.
In the last few decades, we've tried to build care systems for all kinds of institutions for all sorts of institutions -- professionals, and so on and so on.
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect of them.
They don't work as they should work.
I remember once I was talking to a piece and said to me, "Well, you see, the problem is that it takes more time to do the adverse paper that will be able to do the part of it.
And we found the same problem in all of our public life, and institutions -- that the design system that is willing to add the control and the protection test -- it's actually doing the control.
What they do is to make the work of the people who have to do hard tools, like the parts that were being been able to say the careers, as we say them.
And I sure all of you know that you all know similar example.
All of that, all of that, by the goal.
I think the goal should be more confident, and that things would be different if we try to be tens of trust and we're going to bring the people who are conflict, and if we try to determine if other people, it would work or politics are tens of control.
It's not easy -- it's the silence, the simple activities -- what you don't do right now.
In third place, the task.
I will call the task to get the control, I put things into the sea.
It suggests that you and I should be able to get the trust to it.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can get a little bit of control.
We can do it if they are two people, together, trying to improve the conversation.
But the trust -- in definition -- it's different because we get the other people.
You can't remember what other people have given you.
You have to give them enough enough for you to focus on you.
You have to be a little bit disappointment.
And that, of course, is because you can't get it, because of all the people, all the time.
But you also have to make a lot of happy evidence that you are talking about control.
How do you do it?
That goes to a day, all over parts of it, it makes them common -- the forests, the institutions, the insects -- so effective.
I'll give you a very simple example.
And the story where I eat my colleagues say I can put them out of giving them without explorations.
You get them up and you get the money, or you change them for the color that I want.
That is straight.
I think there's a great lesson in that.
If you come back to the other part of the other part of the other part of that is a very good test that you're talking about trust and you have trust in what you're telling you.
So, at the end, I think what we're going on is not a very hard thing to do.
In what people trust is in the relationships -- and at that time, you can determine when the other person is decision to trust it.
Thank you.
Since the companies of computers have been able to reduce the sequence between us and the digital information, the sequence between our material world and the world of the screen that the imagination can be discovered.
This sequence has been recording, every single time and more and more, at the point that today is less than one percent, the oil of the life of a texting screen -- and the power of information has become access to all.
But I said, and if there was no balls?
I started to imagine how it was.
First of all, I created this tool that comes into the digital space -- so that when the strong operations against the screen is their physical body to passenger.
The designers can make their ideas directly in 3D -- and the cells can predict with virtual organs under the screen of the screen.
And so with this tool they break the bars.
But the two hands seem still out of the screen.
How do you get into the inside and interact with digital information using the whole desert of the hands of the hands of the hands of the hands of the hands of the hands of the hands of the hands of the hands of the hands of the hands of the hands of the hands of the hands of the hands of the hands of the hands of the hands
In the Development of Michael Canada in Michael Canada, along with my mind California Bond, the computer and it takes a little space on the seat in a digital area of work.
And I bought a vision to be able to deal with the design and the face and the face and the face -- you can now get the hands of the seat, get to the inside of the 3D space -- and they will be able to play directly with the hands.
As the window and the artists have a company in the real space, you will see it is as easy as to make a book of a state.
You can put the book and take lines or words with the virtual terrible service that there are under every single screen line.
The artists can be able to be able to be able to be able to break up with your hands.
In these example, we get into the digital world.
And if we invest the patients and make the digital information come to us?
And so many of us will have bought and show things on the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry about.
What I have here is a virtual profession on the Internet.
This is the vision that you get from a device in the head or transform when the system understand the genome of your body.
If we take this idea more far -- I thought, instead of just seeing fish in space, how can we make them be physical so that we can take them and feel them and feel it?
How would a future like this?
In the Middle East, I was at my History History and my colleagues Carro Pole, we created this only physical painting.
So this effective message is made as a population in space in space, which means that as much as the computers can move the object to any place within this little traditional space.
Simplicity, what we did was analyze the gravity and control the movement by a combination of mental legislation, mechanical and destructions.
And when you program the object.
You can teach them physical conflicts and the famous taken of Michael Jordan can be able to reduce as a physical reality.
The students can use them as a tool to understand complicated concept as the movement of the planet, the physics -- and unlike the terrorists or the text books -- this is a real and private experience that you can take and feel -- it's very powerful to do.
But what is more fascinating to change the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our physical activity.
As you see, the digital information is not only going to show us something but to begin to act directly about us as part of the physical world that makes us without we have to be able to connect from our world.
We started the talk today talking about a barrier, but if we put that battle, the only line that is our imagination.
Thank you.
I was interested to turn it up for two years in Human, China in the 1960s.
When I was in the first degree -- the government wanted to bring a school for all of the paintings with all of the paintings with all of the paintings with it.
But my mother mother said, "No, no.
My parents wanted to become an engineering -- like them.
And then to survive the cultural revolution, they believe that there was only a central path to happiness -- a safe work and well remarkably.
No matter if the work would like or not.
But my dream was to be a China.
So this was me, in my mind to imagine it.
A little bit of the battle has to start to train from a very young man to learn the authorities, so I tried everything I was able to go to the school.
And until I wrote to the school of school and the present of a radio program.
But no adults would give the idea.
No adult took me.
Just my friends were sent me, but they were kids, but they were kids, like me.
So in the age of 15 years, I knew that it was too much greater to go in.
My dream will never be done.
Tome -- that during the rest of my life a number of second class was the only thing that I could apply it.
And this was so incredibly.
So I was able to look for a value for a value.
No one to me -- I wanted to say, Okay.
I remember the books.
"All "The States Computers, "The Hisparent of the history of the history of the history of the history of the United States, and what were the first books that I here?
The ones that were published in China, of course.
"The Google Earth is about the China.
And it is not providing consumer consumption.
The Big is interesting -- but strange it.
That's a subject for another day.
But the next thing for me was a record, "They would tell your father and your mother?
"Media, I said, "It's so different, and much better than to get on.
So it became my tool to go out of this piece of collection and to reduce the relationship with my parents with me.
The finding with a new culture also gave me a place to my company of complete research.
It's a lot of people.
For example, at the beginning of this map this map came out of place because this is what the students in China will learn about.
Japan had happened to me, that China didn't have to be in the center of the world.
A map is the perspective of people.
The complicated lesson is not a new thing.
It's a common practice in the current world.
And there are up to the research of research as a complex relationship and complexity line.
It will share and focus on -- I offer the applications a more profound understanding of a topic of a topic of a topic of a topic of a topic of a subject of a topic than it.
And I thought that if the computer read worked to get to come in, why not do it also in the controllers of control."
So I started to read books of two.
You can treat people "Break French Arabic Arabic, "Marcist Millennium, who were involved in a same thing, or friends with shared experience.
By the way.
By the Bush, they're all paradigm, light, fear and the society.
If you know another language -- it's also fun.
"A Carter Carolina, The Martin Mars table of the Japanese, San Wall instead of thinking about transformation, found that you can make a lot of it.
For example, it's through the transition that I realized that happiness in Chinese literally means "Foundation?
And I would be at Chinese in China, literally means New Monton.
The books would give me a magic door to connect with people in the past and the present of the present of it.
I know it's not going to feel just to sit on it or improvement.
It's going to have a dead dream really not to share with what a lot of other people have happened.
I have come to believe that the reality is not the only purpose of a dream of a dream.
The most important thing is to connect with the place that they come up with the dreams where the passion comes from.
And to a distributed dream can do that for you.
And it's because of the books today that today I'm here, happy to live again and with clear, most of the time.
So the books always get them.
Thank you.
Thank you.  Thank you.
When I was in my 20, I saw my first pressure of patient.
I was a dark student in California in British.
She was a 20-year-old woman called Alexander.
He went back to the first service using vaccines and a horizontal task, and it would end up in the support of my office and he told me that I wanted to talk about his problems with men.
When I heard this, I felt so antibiotic.
My kind of kind of class had a little bit of a fire as a very first clinic.
And I got a restaurant that I wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could do it.
But I didn't do.
With the Chinese stories that Alexander went to the services, it made me easy to move the head as we were looking at the solution.
"The trains are the new innovation, he said Alexander, and so I see, she was right.
You start working after that, it has children after -- it has children after the death is later.
In order like Anderson and I had time.
But a little bit after that, my surface was asked to be able to pay Alexander that I would talk about her life.
I was recently.
I said, "Oh, it's coming up with guys under his car, it takes up with a heart head, but it's not like if it was going to do with him.
And then my surface said, "I don't know, but maybe you have the next time.
Also, the best moment to work in the Marine Marine is before it cares?
This is what teachers call a "The "Mindran."
It was when I realized that the 30 is not the new 20 percent.
Yes, people feel head after what it was activated, but this did not make the 20 of Alexanders were a pattern in their development.
And this made the 20 percent of Alexander were the perfect moment and we were doing it.
And so I realized that this kind of black business was a real problem and I had real consequences -- not just for Alexander and his life, but for the cars, the families and the families of all of all side.
There are 50 million dollars in the United States, today.
This means about 15 percent of the population or 100 percent of you if you consider no one to get to the adults without going on for the 20s.
You take your hand if you are in their own.
I want to see the trains here.
Oh, yeah, they're amazing.
If you work with the grass, you love a search, you give you the dream a search, I want to see -- it's good.
This is not just my operation. These are the fact.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will go to 30 years.
This means that eight out of every 10 dollars and experiences and moments -- that give him a way to their life will have happened for when they have 30 and so on.
People in the most than 40 -- they don't go into the paradigm.
This public is going to be well, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a career have an extraordinary impact about the amount of money that you will do.
We know that more than half of the Americans are hard, they live or they're coming out with their future for 30 years.
We know that the brain ended up their second and last stage of growth in their 20, and it turns out that if there is something that they want to change itself -- now it's the moment to change it.
We know that perspective changes more times during their 20 than in any other moment of life, and we know that the female failure comes to the 27s, and things become complicated to the 35 percent.
The 20 are the moment to identify about their body and their options.
When we think about the development of the child -- we all know that the first five years are critical for language and access in the brain.
It's a moment where his life and common life has an impact in the person who will become being become it.
But what we didn't listen to is that there is something called an adult development and our 20 are a critical moment in the adult developing development.
But this is not what people are listening to.
People talk about changes in the line of the adult time.
The researchers call the 20s to the entire experience.
And the personalities are given the red names to the trains like "The "Streets, and "The "Strategies?
It's true.
As a culture -- we have considered a transition which is actually the decade that is the decade that is the decade that is going to define the adult.
And he was able to say that to get great things, you need a plan and not enough time.
It's not right?
What do you think happens when you give you a sea in the head and say, "You have another 10 years to start your life.
No.
They gave that person the sense of organization and his food and not absolutely anything.
And then all the days -- you know, all the days and your children and your children come to my office and they say something like that, "I know my name is not good for me, but this relationship doesn't tell me, but this relationship is not just killing time.
Or they say, "You know that as you start a car before the 30 -- everything will be good."
But then it starts to sound something like this, and I was going to end up and still have nothing to show you.
It was better than the day I get from the university.
And then it starts to sound something like this, and my cars over the age of the 20 were like the game game game.
They all run up and you get together, but then at some point around the 30 -- they spend music and they all started to feel it.
I didn't want to be the only one that was going on, so sometimes I think that I would love with my wife because he was the most close chair when I was 30.
Where are the people here?
Don't do that.
Well, that sounds a little bit extreme -- but it's not wrong -- the risks are very high.
When you look at a lot of things for the 30, there is a huge pressure to the trains, and so many of them to start a car, to choose a city, and you have two or three children in a much more short time.
A lot of these things are not completely, and there are research that start to show you, which is much more difficult and interesting to do everything in the 30th.
The crisis of the average age is not about buying red cars.
It's about realize that you can't have the career you want now.
realize that you can't have the child who you want now, or you can't give you a brother to your child.
A lot of trains and gentlemen, you look at themselves, and to me, sitting in the room, and they talk about their 20, "What was I doing? What was I thinking about.
I want to change what the researchers are doing and thinking.
Here's a story of how it could be.
It's a story about a woman called English.
At the age of 25 -- I ended up to my office because I was in his own words, having an idea of identity.
He said he would like to work in art or in the interview, but I still couldn't tell you, so I spent the last few years working as a model.
As it was later I was living with a neighborhood that showed more than that it would show more than that it would show you more than it would be more than that it would show you more than it would be more than that it would show you more than it would show you more than it.
And even though to live in a few very difficult life, your life was even more difficult.
And I grew up in our services -- but then he was left her to say, "You don't choose his family, but it can choose to his friends.
Well, one day Ethiopia came up with his head on his legs and climbing for almost every hour.
I had just bought a new free for distributed, and he had spent all the morning to put it up with his many controls, but then he was looking at the whole space that goes after the words of the words of experiment, please call it to the phone.
I was at the point of the story when I saw me and said, "What is going to be for me if I have a automatic activity?
Who is going to take me if I get cancer.
At that time, I was just a lot of work to be able to get and not say, "I want to tell me anything.
And what ended up was not a terrorist that was really worried about.
He needed a better life, and I knew that this was his opportunity.
I had learned so much since I worked with Alexander as to just sit up as I would just sit on the Department in the Steve Department.
So for the next few weeks and months I said to English three things that all of us, man or woman, I want to know.
First of all, I told him that I would forget that from that idea of identity and I get a piece of identity.
By the way, I mean to do something that makes it value to his person.
To do something that is an investment in what they want to be later.
I didn't know the future of the Horich career, and no one knows the future of work, but I know this -- I know about this idea of idea of identity.
So now it's the moment for that work on the other side of the country, of that company of that company that you want to show you.
I'm not looking at the entrepreneur exploration, I'm looking at the experience that I should not tell you, that by the way, it's not exploration.
It's predictable.
I told him to explore work, and I would make them tell you.
Second, I told him to tell me that the urban workers are supported.
The best friends are extraordinary to lead to the authority, but the interviews that are together with friends with similar minds are going to be listening in the way you know, what you know, how you think, how they think, and where they work.
That new piece of capital, that new person who was going to go out of it almost comes out of their most close circle.
The new things come out of what they call the blood friends of your friends.
Yes, half of the researchers have a bad work or they don't have work.
But the other half of it, and the balloon vehicles are the way you can put this group.
The half of the work workers are never going on, then you know the character of your neighborhood is the way you get a work of a work not published.
It's not going to do transparency. It's the science of how information is going on.
On the last but not less importantly, I thought you don't choose their family, but I know their friends.
This was really true when I was growing up, but as a research, I ended up to choose his family -- when you have a couple and form his own family.
I told you to tell me that the time to choose his family had come in.
Maybe you think that 30 percent is better age to feel head than 20 or even the 25 or even about 25 to you.
But to choose the person that you live right now or you care about now when everyone in Facebook starts to walk into the shadow is not progress.
The best moment to work in your market is before you have, and that means to be as smart in love as you're in the work.
You choose your family to be a aware choice of who and what you want instead of just doing it would work or kill time with who you are that you are that the choose to you.
So what happened with Eastern?
Well, we took that distribution, and she found the bottom of a price that I worked in a model of art in another state.
And this nice view helped him get a work there.
That work of work gave him a reason to leave the neighborhood that I live.
Now, five years later, it's sort of sort of a space of events in models.
So this house with a man who chose conscious.
I love his new career, I love his new family, and I sent me a letter that he said, "You know, the space species of energy are not good enough.
The story of Ethiopia can be easy, but that's what I love to work with investments.
It's very easy to help them.
You see them as adventures that come out of the antibiotics of the engineers, who go back to some of the topic.
Just before the drawing, a little bit of the article in his transition makes the difference between the distribution of Alan or in Flies.
In the same way, at the age of 25 or 25 to 25 to 25 -- a good conversation -- a good TED, a good TED talk can have huge effects in the next few years or even in the next generation.
So this is my idea that my idea is going to go to all of the people that you know.
It's as simple as what I learned to tell you.
And this is what I have now is what I have now to tell you to do is tell you like English every single day, the trains are not the new 20, you get their adult, you get their adventures, you get their breakthrough virus, they use your family.
They don't let you decide what they didn't know or what they didn't do.
They're saying their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 27 years old, I left a very successful work in a work that was even more excited, the day.
I was going to teach you mathematics in the public schools in New York.
And as any teacher -- and as any teachers -- experienced experiments.
I gave you tasks.
When the work came back, I would call the cars.
And what I call me the attention was that Dr. I was not the only difference between my best and my worst students.
Some of the ones that had a better approach they didn't have companies in Chinese Charles.
Some of my smart kids were not going so well.
And that was going to think about it.
The kind of things that you need to learn in mathematics in the degrees -- sure, they are hard -- you know, they are difficult -- designers, the area of a marketing.
But these companies are not impossible and it was very convinced that every one of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and during enough.
After several years later, I got to the conversation that what we need in education is a better understanding of the students and the learning from a moral perspective from a political perspective from a psychological perspective.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure a better way.
It's the CO2, but what happens if you have success in school and in life depends on much more than the ability to learn how fast and easy to learn how fast it is to learn how fast and easy to learn fast.
So I left the classrooms and I went to the University to become a profession.
I started studying kids and adults in all kinds of space scales, and in every study my question was, who has success here and why.
My research team and I went to the Michael Middle Pole Pole.
We try to predict what you can stay in the military training and who would be represented.
We went to the National National Congress and we try to predict what kids will take the most powerful thing in the compassion.
So we studied the business teachers working in really difficult banks, asking what teachers will still be teaching for the end of the school year and those who will be the most effective to improve the results of the learning of their students in the leadership.
We get with private companies to ask, "What about these sell is going to keep their work of work, right?
And who is going to make more money.
In all of those very different context, it gets a character as a major primary of the success of the success.
And it wasn't social intelligence.
It wasn't the good thing, the physical health and it wasn't the Chinese.
It was the destination.
Design is passion and perspective to get very long games.
The difference is to have responsibility.
The difference is to go to their future, day after day, not only for the week, not only for the month, but for years and working really hard to make that future a reality.
The difference is to live life as if it was a market, not a career to all speed up.
A few years ago, I started to study the diversity in the public schools in Chicago.
I asked thousands of high school students that they did my distribution and then wait around more than one year to see who they were grateful.
It turns out that children with more diversity had a lot more likely to go up, even when you put them in every character that I could measure -- things like the family income -- the results of the family test, even the security that felt the kids when they were in school.
So it's not only in West Pole or in the National National Congress in which it matters destruction. It's also in school, especially for the kids in risk of shaping them.
For me, the most important thing about diversity is the little bit that we know, the little bit that you know about the science of their development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me, "How do I develop the destruction in children in kids in the children in the kids, in the children in the children in the children.
What should I do to teach kids a single strange site?
How do you get the motivation for the long place."
The most honest answer is, I don't know.  What I know is that the task doesn't give them to you.
Our data shows very clearly that there are a lot of people who are simply not going to go up with their companies.
In fact, in our data, it's completely not related to or it's even related to the measurements of task.
So far the best idea I've heard about developing the destination in children is something called "more growth.
This is a developed idea in the University of San Delish, and it's the believe that the ability to learn is not list, that it can change with the effort of it.
Dr. Dan has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how it changes in the brain and how it changes in the challenge -- they're much more likely to lose when they are, because they don't believe that that factory is a personal conversation.
So the growth of growth is a great idea to develop destiny.
But we need more.
And that's where I ended up my distribution, because that's where we are.
That's the work that we have on the way.
We need to take our best ideas, our most strong institutions and we need to try them.
We need to measure if they have been successful and we have to be willing to be willing to fight, to begin to start all again with the lessons to learn it.
In other words, we need to be willing about making our kids be more destroyed.
Thank you.
So growing in Tasmanian like the daughter of a character, one of my most amazing resources is my mother showing the beauty and the form of the Chinese cards.
From that time, I was very excited about this incredible language.
But for a freedom, it seems as much as the Great China.
In the last few years, I have been asking if I can give this map, so that I want to understand and play the beauty of this sophisticated language can do it.
I started thinking about how a new mother and fast to learn Chinese could be useful it.
Since I was five years old, I started to learn how to draw each one of the articles in the right way.
And I learned new cars every day for the next 15 years.
Because we only have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster and simple way.
A Chinese access is going to understand 20 dollars.
You just need a thousand to understand the basic adventure.
The first 200 will allow them to understand 40 percent of the basic light, enough enough to read transition signals -- to understand the basic idea of the website.
Today, I will start with eight to show you how it works.
Are you listening?
They open their mouth as much as it is possible until it is completely.
They get a battery.
This is a person who's going to give a country.
person.
If the way of the fire is a person in both side, as if I was putting up in the freedom of freedom, "And I am standing on this, "And I am standing -- this system actually is original in the form of the calls -- but I like to believe it's the other way that it works.
This is a tree.
tree tree trees tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree about.
This is a mountain.
The sun.
The moon.
The summer of the door looks like a couple of door in the old subject.
I call them radio cars.
They are a building of building to believe a lot more cartoonist.
One person.
If someone walk back, that's to say."
As the old person says, two are common -- three are music.
If one person was going on their arms -- this person is saying it was like this.
The person within the back, the person is applied.
It's a prison, as Joe in the baby.
A tree is a tree -- two trees together -- we have a forest.
Three trees together, we also have the forest.
You put a battle under the tree -- we have the forms.
You put a battle on the tree -- that's a "desire?  easy to remember -- because a tree is pretty language.
Remember the forest?
Two things together -- it makes a very short thing.
Three things together, that are a lot of calls together.
They put the fire under the two trees -- that's going to do.
For us, the sun is the source of profession.
So two of them together.
Three together, those are disasters.
They put the sun to the sun and the mouth of them together, that is the big.
It also means morning, after one day and a night.
The sun comes on the horizon.
A door -- you put a battle inside the door -- it's the bottle of the door.
They put a car inside the door to ask questions.
Town, is there someone in here?
This person is coming out of a door from a door -- starting for me.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're disappearing.
Three women together -- you have a career to be adult.
So we've already happened for almost 30 dollars.
And when you use this method -- the first eight workers will let you build 32.
The next group of eight cars will build other 35.
So with every little effort -- they will be able to learn a couple of hundreds of cards, which is the same thing to learn a eight years.
So after I know the cards, we started to create factors.
For example, the mountain and the fire together -- we have a flower mountain. It's a volume.
We know that Japan is the land of the sun.
This is a single single single single single single single single single single single single one of the China.
So a single sun in the organism, we created 70 percent.
One person behind Japan -- what do we do?
A personal person.
The left on the left are two mortality mountains one on the other.
In the old China -- that meant in exploration, because the Chinese companies were given to their political engineers beyond the mountains.
Today, the exploration has become going out.
A battle that tells you where to go out is a room.
This is a slide to remember that I should stop talking to you and go out of the stage. Thank you.
And what I hope to be said is the movies that I get to see.
I love to share my favorite movies with my children, when my daughter was four years old, we saw the microscope of hear together.
The film gave his imagination for months.
His favorite character was Green, of course.
He gave him a good thing to use a brilliant seat and take a magic variation.
But when you look at that movie so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary for you.
Now we live and we created our kids in a kind of industrial company in a kind of individual specializations in the shape of the individual spectrum.
And yet, the microbe of hear was an idea in itself.
I didn't start that trend time.
The trend really took a lot of years later -- constantly, another movie whose programs, a little bit of metal and a little girl who was made up to a young girl as a stream of the enemy.
You know what I'm talking about,  Yeah.
There's a great difference between these two movies -- there are a couple of big differences between the minute of hear and all the molecules that we see today.
One is that there is very little violence in the March of Obama.
The monkeys are quite adversarial, like the backs.
But I think that if the Obama of hear was done today, the microscope would say, "Break, you are the survival of hear as the profession of it.
They use magic shoes to give them to the corners of the balloon of the balloon balloon.
But that's not what happens.
Another one of the other things in the microbe is that the most beautiful, stores and even virtues are women.
I started to notice this when I did this when I was looking at my daughter, a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that time, I had a child.
Just three years.
It wasn't invited to the project because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second son, and the level of sound had gone down.  And so you get up in the room and I was involved as a mom on the bottom with his paths behind his paths, and I don't think he understood what I was going on, but I was going to get everything.
I ask me what I would do.
Would you be a value of value and personality and limitation?
Would it have the sense that he was going to be a character to give the government.
We share this with the Microsoft Manhattan magic.
How do you play the movie?
So doing good things with all and being a power.
It's the kind of world in which I want my kids to grow OK, of course, and not a world of men who say, which is where we are.
Why is there so much for so much for France, force in the movies for our children, and so little from the back of the blood states.
There is a lot of list about the impact of mass violence molecules in the kids, and they should read it. It's very good.
I have not read as much about how children are going to do this state.
I know for experience that the main law has not been able to send up for the world of the adults that I would have been sitting on the world of adults which is Michael.  I think at the time of the first basis, I really hope that the creatures would start to go up because it's the end of the movie -- right?
My search has ended up, I have a neighborhood.
Why are they still standing there?
I don't know what I should do.
The molecules are focused on the virus and getting their recovery, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other access.
It's almost like being a kid, you have to be an animal animal -- and if you're a girl -- you have to use a war.
There are a lot of experts -- and they are going to be able to be able to get the principles of the Disney to any of you.
But they send a message to the kids, even though they are, the kids are not really their public public people.
They make a fundamental work to teach the girls how to deal with the pattern, but they don't necessarily show the kids how to stop the pattern.
There's no model for them.
We also have a few great women who write new stories for our children, so real and cars like Stanford and Kates, but they don't stop being war.
And of course, the most successful issue of all the time is going to go up with climate after climate -- every one of them on the adventures of a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and his son, or two men who created a child.
Until many of you are thinking, this year, I finally came up with Virginia.
You get it to all of you.
Do you remember what the crisis said when I came up with Virginia.
I can't believe that Paris has made a film of a beginning.
It's very good. You don't leave that that designers.
Well, almost none of these movies are going to be the prototype of Bell.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
It's still no reason that it has been recently, but maybe we're going to start a movement.
Angeles Benjamin is a career career, and at the age of 80 years, I had a conversation that had had with a friend on the evolution of the molecules that you see.
And it's very simple. There are just three questions that you have to do, in the movie -- there is more than a female character that has lines?
So you have to take the record.
These women talk to each other.
Their conditions are about something else in the girl that so much like you like --  Right? Thank you.  Thank you very much.
Two women who exist and talk about things between each other.
I've seen it. I've seen it, and yet very quickly I see it in the science we know and love.
In fact, this week I went to see a very good quality of good quality -- Arabic.
Right? The Russian of October, an idea of conservation of what is a film of Hollywood form.
Probably the test of Bell.
And I don't think that it would be, because a lot of the movie -- I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the film happens in a metaphor where men and women are spread for the crisis of the records.
We have a lot of men in men who have deep consumers and doctors in this electron, and it's the great moment for one of the cars to get a view on the door and say, "You come to the shoe, care?
This is Hollywood.
So let's look at the numbers.
In 2010, from the most popular movies -- how many of them do you think they have family programs."
Okay. It's not wrong.
It's not the same percentage that the number of women that we've been able to remember for Congress, then it's good.
But there's a larger number that this is going to tell this room.
Last year, the New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what he said.
In the United States, one in five women says that it's been a sense in their life.
I don't think this is the back of the mass interview.
I don't think the molecules for children have something to do with that.
And I don't think that the music of music or personality are very limited, but something wrong -- and when I listen to that, one of the things that I think is that there is a great amount of sexual antibiotics.
Who are those guys? What are you learning learned?
What don't they learn to learn it?
Are you using the story that says that the role of a male hospital is to give the violence with violence with violence and then run the recovery, which is a woman who doesn't have friends and doesn't talk about?
Are we taking that story, right?
You know, as a father with the chance to create a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing, we found this world and this very exciting state and we want to be able to protect them.
We have tools to our available as a police to put popular, and we hope that it helps it, but I have to ask it, but I have to ask you to ask them if at the same time, the same time, are we education.
I mean, I think the list of notice is a way to do something really important -- and here I mean mostly to the parents.
And I think we have to show our kids a new definition of man.
The definition of magic is changing really relative.
You will have read about how new economy is changing the role of the home and the authority.
It's all changing it.
When I asked my daughter which was his favorite person in Steve Walls know what he responded?
Obama.
Obama and Green.
What do you have in common these two.
Maybe it is not just the brilliant search.
I think they are experience.
I think these are the two people in those molecules that you know more than nobody -- and I love to share their knowledge with other people to help them get their potential to them.
They are leaders.
I like that kind of stories for my son, and I like that kind of stories for my son for my son, for me.
I want more stories like that.
I want less stories in which you say to my son, and you see just a little bit more and more stories where you see his work is to join a team -- maybe a team of a light team for women, to help other people to improve and be better people, like the Obama of Obama.
Thank you.
And of course, I lived in Mars and one of the things that I would like to look at was looking for the cars of sea in the courses of Mars because my parents told me that that would give me.
But you know, it's hard to find these controls.
They are collecting and it's hard to see them.
However, with time, I used to look at them.
I started to see ways and patterns that they helped me to get them.
This became a passion for finding things, in a love on the past and artist.
And finally when I started studying excited, I realized to do with my own eyes wasn't enough.
Because of course, in Egypt, my little barrier in Mars had grown up to one of a 100 miles of language along the Nigeria.
And my balls had grown up to the size of cities.
This is really what he led me to use basic images.
To try to make a map of the past, I knew that I had to do another way.
I want to show you an example of how different we see the infrastructure.
This is a place that was a place in the South English called Brazil.
And the place -- in a very simple way, it seems to be man, but when we use the infection and we put it up by using physical color -- probably the place you see as a brilliant rise.
What you're looking at is the real chemical changes of the landscape of building in the materials of building and the activity of the ancient electrons.
I want to share with you how we used to be used by the simple data to find an ancient city, called Earth, lost for thousands of years.
It was the cartoon of the ancient English for more than 400 years in a period of time called the average Minister about four years ago.
The place was used in the Facebook, English, and it's really important because in the Middle Mars, there was this great generation of the ancient art art -- architecture and religion is really important.
The emotions have always been used in some place near the fishing of the fishing of the two people who built them into the bottom of the red cells here, but somewhere inside this huge plastic planet.
This area is huge -- it means about six miles for four miles for it.
First of all, the Bang flow right next to the side of Eastern and as I changed with the time, it was going to go to this and it has all the city.
So how do you find a whole city in a stream experiment?
I will try to find it to be the equivalent to look at a hole in a back, with the eyes and using blood blocks.
So we use the DNA data to make a map of the place, with very useful change.
We were able to see where the Nigeria is.
But you can see more defensive, and it's even more interesting -- this very interesting area that you see within the cell here, that we think it could be the United States.
So we put with the emotional scientists doing the strategic scientists -- you can see it here.
When I say media, it's like the tasks in ice in ice -- but instead of climate change, we were looking for a human creature.
five feet down, under a whole range of state, we found a career of career object.
This means that in this possible.
We also found the display of design, consumer and card, which shows that there was a little bit of a table.
This might seem like it's not too much, but when we think about the most companies that are used in the Middle Mars, these are the stores that were used in the middle.
So we have a piece of corruption that comes out of the average Minister in this place.
We also have an evidence of a little bit of list that shows that what has been there, was a very important city.
We still didn't find Earth here, but we will go back to the place in a very close future to get it.
And even more importantly, we have the resources to deal with young mistakes in the use of the user technology so that they can also make a lot of distributions.
I want to end with my favorite career of the Middle Mindle, probably was written in Stanford about four years ago.
share the knowledge is the biggest of all the vaccines.
There's nothing like that.
And so I mean, TED was not a fundamental thing in 18 Dr. C.T.
It makes the ideas really start in 18 -- Charles in a lost city not for a long time and found from the high time.
It certainly put the search of marketing controls in people.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to invite you to look at the eyes.
Imagine on front of the door in front of it is home.
I want you to pay attention to the color of the door -- the material that is done.
So now you see a group of open neurons in biology.
They are eating in a heart heart of bacteria and they are going to get into their distribution of it.
I need to see this really true.
They are getting strong -- they are supposed, they are going to get a lot.
And they go up against the door of his house.
There are bacteria coming around all over parts of all of them that are going on to their side.
You know, the speech, or what there is at the other side of the door -- and look at the quality of light.
It's going on with the hand.
From his chair -- on a barrier car.
It's a car that I talked about.
You can feel their blue role to do it in the name.
You can get the authority of open and countries that is about to stay in the back.
You go through one side and you go into your room.
And in the room, and making it full of his imagination -- imagine British Secondary.
It is with a little bit of the control of the center of the center of the center of the center and the Stanford Maria March March Maria.
Now it goes to the concept.
The ground has been remember with a little bit of yellow lines and from the horizon come back to you, the Harry of Ladan, the Stanford and the Lego of "The Organization of October, are going to get out of the hands -- coming up to you.
Okay. They open the eyes.
I want to tell you about a piece of a paradigm that has been taken on the entire principle in New York.
It's called the Medical Media State.
I was going to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific personality, waiting -- I guess that this was like the end of a supply supply.
There were several men and a few days of different lives and different hospitals.
They were making hundreds of antibiotic numbers -- looking at it only once again.
They mentioned the names of tens and states of extraordinary.
You can make the entire power in just minutes.
They share to see who could make a lot of the organization of a bank battle.
And I thought, "This is an incredible.
These people must be phenomenon of nature.
And I started talking to some of the companies.
This is a man named San College that had come from English and he has one of the best strategies in front of it.
I said, "Oh, when you realize that they were a substance?
He said, "I'm not a support.
In fact, I have a average memory here.
All of the ones that are part of this company say they have normal memory here.
We have been trained to make these massive act of men using a few ancient techniques by using a little bit of animals -- invented by 22,000 years ago that they used to be able to reduce their distributions, and that the environmental drugs used to make a brilliant books.
And my reaction was, "You know, what did I have never heard of this?
We were standing out of the company of the company, and Ed, who is a wonderful English and brilliant English -- even though a little bit excited, he said, "John, you are an American person.
You know North Stop."
And I said, what? No, why.
Because I would like to show you to British Sendhai how to reduce the order in a barrier of nations in life, in national technology.
That would be the world that anybody can do it.
And I said, "Well, I'm not British Steves, but maybe you can teach me.
Or is, you have to start by something right?
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
I ended up going on most of the year in the next year not only trying my memory but also research, trying to understand how it works, why sometimes it doesn't work and what your potential can be.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a man called Philip.
And he is all a little bit with the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that I didn't even remember that I had a mathematician problem -- it's important.
And somebody incredibly transparent, but it was a window that allows us to see what our memory is doing is we are.
In the other end of the space I met this man.
This is King Penetics.
We went up with a task together in the public biology in the public Bang Carter Carro, by making television games, it was construction.
And when you go back, I was a amount of treat about the written memory does something more than 2,000 years ago in the Art and then in the Middle age.
And I learned a lot of really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things that I learned is that there was a time in that this idea of having international memory and democracy was not one thing as open as it can look at today.
A lot of time ago, people invest in their memory -- in order to make their mind.
These techniques have done possible.
And they have changed us, and I would say that have changed us as well.
As we have almost no need to remind you, sometimes it seems like we have found how to do it.
One of the last places in our planet in our planet where they still find people who are advanced by this idea of a strategic memory -- discovering and culture is this very similar company of memory in it.
It's actually not so simple, there are companies like this around the world.
I was fascinated -- I wanted to know how these people.
A few years ago, a group of researchers from the London University of London invited a group of memory cards in the lab.
They wanted to know -- is it that it has brains in some ways, structure or all different of the rest of us.
The answer was, no.
Are they even more smart than the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the
They gave them a little bit of cognitive test, and the answer was actually no.
There was yet a really interesting and significant difference between the brains of the memory careers and the control of control with them to share them.
When they put them in a massive restaurant machine, they put their brains as they make numbers and faces and forms of neighborhoods. They found that in the memory companies were getting parts of the brain, different than others.
In effect they used -- or they seem to be used -- a part of the brain that including space and national market.
Why? Is there something that we can learn from this?
And the size of the shared memory is made as a card car where every year has a new way to remember a new way to remember more things, faster and then the rest of companies have to put the day.
So this is my friend Benjamin Francisco, three times they have a lot of memory.
In his write -- in front of it, there are 3D banks that he is about to try to do in a hour, using a techniques that he invented and that he was just done.
He used a similar technology to reduce the process of the 1960s and the principle of 120 percent articles.
In half a hour. Yeah.
And while there is a great amount of ways to remember things in these companies -- absolutely all the technologies used in the end of the end of the personality that the scientists call the corruption control.
And it gets up with a late language known as the barrier "Ball, "The "Second, I say to two people who remember the same word -- I tell you that there's a man called Bangalore."
That is your application.
And then I asked them, "You remember that there is a "bit?
And when I went back later, and I asked them to ask that word that I told you a career?
You remember what it was.
The person who was told that his name is Bangalore is a little bit likely that I remember the same word that the person who said that his work is "Break."
The same word, different ability to remember -- that's rate.
What happens here?
Well, the name Bang, actually doesn't mean anything for you. It doesn't have any relationship for you.
And with all the other resources that were based on their head.
But the word, "Goodbye? We know factors.
They use white superstar simplesters.
They have hand in the hands.
They do well when they go home to work.
We probably know a little bit.
And when we look at that word for the first time, we started to put positive organisms to be able to be able to put them up in some time.
One of the most expensive techniques to do this is about 2,000 years ago in the ancient Grand.
It's known as the math of memory.
The story says like that, there was a picture called Security that analyzes a barrier.
They had found it as a intelligence, because before, if you wanted to give a very good food, it wasn't going to be a Dr. it would be a pound.
He went out of it, I remember his model of memory -- and it was made, and so soon it was, the barrier of the barrier is collaboration.
They're going to take them all together.
But not just the kill to all, but the bodies are going to leave them into them.
No one could say who was there, nobody could remember where they were sitting there.
So they could not go into the body.
It's a transition behind the other.
You know, sitting on the middle -- in the middle of the errors, in the middle of the errors, and I realized that with the eyes of their mind, I could see where I had been sitting on every single single one.
I took the families in the hand to put them out where their beings were dead between the brains.
The thing that we have done at that time is something that we all know more or less intelligent, and it is that without matter if we are not good to remember names or numbers of phone or words for the word of the word of our colleagues -- we have visual memory and special space.
If you ask them to remember the first 10 words of the story that I just told you about Septembers, it's very likely to be very hard to do it.
But I would suggest that if you ask them to say who was sitting on the car participate in his view, they would be able to see it.
The idea of the memory of memory is to create this building with the eyes of their mind and talk about images with the things that you want to remember -- the most crazy thing, the failure, the strategy, the strategy and the approach is the picture -- the more you can be.
This is a control that comes from more than 2,000 years ago, to the first teachers of memory -- in law.
And how does it work?
So let's say you have been invited to the TED stage to give a talk and they want to do it in the same way that I would have done it if they had been invited by Texas about 2,000 years ago.
What you could do is imagine that they're on the door of their house.
And it will be able to imagine some kind of an absolutely rich image -- local and invitation to help you remember that the first thing they want to talk about is that completely institutional compassion.
And then you can imagine in their house, and look at the Monterey Mandela on Maria Ella.
And that would remind you they want to present their friend College College.
And then you would look at British Sendriends to remind you that thank you very much.
And then they would go into the car, and the fourth issue that they were talking about would be that strange journey that they did for a whole year, and they have some friends to help them remember them.
So this is how the robotic traditions are marketing their distributions, not word for words, which is going to get them up, but it's going to take it up to terrorist.
In fact, the term took the "The Green Transition, which means "moving?
It's a view of when people thought about the robot and in the relationship with this kind of special terms in it.
The failure is the first place, it would be like the first place in his memory path.
I saw that this was just fascinating -- and I got full of that.
I went to some of these memory companies and I had the idea of writing something outside about this culture of compassionate markets.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a memory compassion is a very under positive event here.
Instead, it's like looking at a lot of people sitting there, and I mean, that the most exciting thing that happens is when someone is based on the front one.
I'm a piece and I need to write about something.
I know there are amazing things happening in the minds of these people, but I don't have access to me.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try to put in his place.
So I started to spend 15 or 20 minutes every morning, before I sit to see the New York Times simply trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem -- or the name of an old school supply bought in a market market.
And I found out that this was amazing intelligent.
Japan would have hope that it was.
It was intelligent, because it was not just trying to train the memory of it.
What is actually about doing is to improve more and more the ability to create and imagine these rich images to create these richest images -- characters, interviews, and antibiotics and order to include in the eye of mind.
I got pretty much with this.
So this is me, using my team to be able to study to the memory company.
This is a couple of origins and a couple of security security controllers with a little bit of the street -- because the distribution is the worst example of a memory of a memory company.
I ended up coming back to the same concept that I had made a year before I had the idea that I could go in, in a kind of perfect personal experiment.
I thought this could be a good ecosystem for all my research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And I got the concept, something I didn't have to happen.
Of course it is concerned to be able to make distributions, and number numbers of phone -- but actually this is not the point.
These are just a little bit of transparency.
Because they are based on very basic principles about how the brain works.
And it doesn't need to be able to build the memory of the memory or make a little bit of norms -- to benefit with a little bit of perspective about how their mind.
And we were talking about people with a great memory as if you were about a talent table, but it's not the case.
So the big mothers are education.
At the most basic level, we remember when we pay attention.
We remember when we find it deep to us.
And the paradigm of the memory -- these techniques of memory -- are just a little bit.
In fact, they are not even a true.
They work because they make us work.
They make a kind of deep process, a kind of complete attention.
But the reality is that there are no backs.
This is how things are doing market.
And if there is something that I want to leave you today, it's what I couldn't even remember that I had a memory problem, I left me to me, which is the notion that life is the sound of our resources.
How many of us are willing to lose what our face is already looking at in the British or innovations, not paying attention to being in the front of us in front of us, who walk to our side. Are we going to be so excited that we are not even going to be able to protect in production?
And I learned from the first hand that there are amazing memory of amazing memory in all of us.
But if you want to live a massive life, you have to be the kind of person who remember to remember it.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about the last 30 years of the history of architecture history.
It's a lot to cover in 18 minutes.
It's a complex subject -- so we will just open a complex place, New Jerusalem.
Because 30 years ago, I am from Dr. Jerusale, I was six years old, and I lived up there in my parents in a village called Lincolns, and this was my children.
In the street, from my distribution, I was the bottom that I share with my sister with me.
And in my direction and the battery, there was a bacteria that I went to the room of being to it.
And there you all went up by looking at the team. So every time I went from my room to the baby, you all see me, and every time I gave me and I went back in a street, you all see me.
And I was like this.
It was a computer, and it was survived and I hate it.
I hate that graduate, I hate that balloon, I hate that room and that home.
That's the architecture.
Listen.
Those feelings that I felt -- that is the power of architecture -- because architecture is not about mathematics -- it's not about mathematics -- but of those visual connections -- but of those visual connections that we feel in the places that we're going on.
And it's not going to be strange that we feel like that way, because I agree with the University of the United States, the Americans spend 90 percent of their time under the roof.
Or it is, 90 percent of the time we are surrounded by architecture.
That's a lot.
And the architecture will tell us in ways that we don't even tell us.
That makes us a little bit institution, and very, very proud of it.
This means that when I show you a building like this, I know what I have to do -- you think about "the statement, "The statement, the statement.
And I know that you think about it in a building built 2,000 years ago.
This is a tradition.
It's a destiny that uses architecture to create an emotional connection with the ways we build our buildings in that we build our building.
It's an emotional emotional connection -- we've used this journey for a long time, a long time.
We use it 200 years ago.
We use it in the 19th century to build art.
And in the 20th century, we use it to build home.
Look at these statistically, soldiers in front of the sea.
This is very, very useful -- because building things is all about.
It's cost -- it takes a long time and it's very complicated it.
The people who build -- the organizations and the governments -- they always have fear of innovation, and they want to use ways you know they're going to work.
So we found with buildings like this.
This is a building building.
It's the public public of Lesternands who ended up in 2008, and you know, it has a collection, and you know, you have this rest -- you know, you have this rest -- you know, you have this rest -- you know, the red state, you want to go into the whole thing that Lincolns is trying to communicate with this building, the kids, the property values -- the story.
But it doesn't have a lot to do with a little bit today.
That same year, in 2008, at the other side of the country, it ended up another biology, which looks like this.
It's in Signal.
This biology shows how we use the media media in the distance.
It's a new kind of public team for the city, a place to get up, read and share it.
So how is it possible that in the same year, in the same country, two buildings -- both of them called balloons -- are they so completely different.
And the answer is that architecture works.
In one side is innovation -- the artists that are constantly able to make new technology, new techniques, new solutions for the forms of life.
We started and we put so much that we get completely from people.
All of black -- this is what we do is -- you believe that we feel very well, but we are dead in because we don't have another choice for us.
We have to go to the other side and go back to the seat of these searching systems.
So we do it, and we are all happy -- but we are all happy -- so we started to experience the paradigm of the back to the back and over and over again. So we've done it in the last 300 years, and of course it is, in the last 30 years.
Well, 30 years ago, we went back from the 1960s.
The artists were running with the called "The "Straight called.
It has to do with the ants of it.
That can be adapted.
You see small, in the demand scale.
Something really hard.
So we went back to the 80 -- and we started to get them out of the symbols.
We put the paradigm back in the other direction.
We take those ways that we know that you like and we do it.
And we came together and we have a little bit, and we use new materials.
I love it.
We don't give up.
We take Chinese antibiotics and we turn them into trains, which can be a microbes made of life.
The ways they were approached, they put up in automobile and collaboration.
The streams became collective.
The cells grew up to the size of the building.
And a location.
But they were the 80 -- that was great.
We all spend the rate in commercial centers -- we moved to the bars, and there in the surgeons, we can create our own artificial factors.
Those factors could be to the media, the French, or the Islam.
It's possible with a little bit of paintings.
This is what happens with political.
This is what happens with the symbols.
They're easy -- they are background, because instead of creating new space, we get resources from other places.
I know very well, and all you know, this is not the Talk.
This is OK.
The artists are sitting up and we started to make the paper again.
In the year 80 and at the early 90 and at the early 90 -- we started to experience with the called the decisions of the decisions.
We disappear the stories -- we now tell us with new techniques of design of design, and we found with new companies -- a few ways that are stars against other ways.
This is accessible and employees, and it is supermarketed impossible, and it's completely excited.
Now, normally, the super-specific paradigm again.
But then something amazing happened.
This is actually actually this building.
This is the Bill of Bill Free.
This building changed the relationship of the world with architecture with it.
Paul Galaxy said that Bill was one of those short times when you critical and public and public in general -- they were completely accepted on a building.
The New York New York Times came up with this military construction building this.
The train in Bill goes up in a 25 percent when the building.
So of course, everybody wanted one of those buildings -- I wanted one of those buildings -- Stanford, Chinese, New York City.
Everybody wanted one, and George was everywhere.
He was our first stars.
But how is it possible that these forms and savings and radios, how is it possible that they will become entrepreneurs around the world?
And it happened because the media are taken into them and we quickly learned that those forms would mean culture and terrible.
We've created an emotional reaction with these ways.
And the same thing made the world's main principles in the world.
So they all believe that if they had these ways, they had culture.
And this phenomenon of the new miles of the new military happened with other stars with other schools.
He happened to Color and Life, and what happened with these few dollars in the whole new military in the new military -- actually started to happen with all the architecture -- the digital media started to increase the speed of the information of information.
Think of it, for example, how they connect architecture.
A thousand years ago, you would have to have walked up to the next village to see a building.
The transportation is attacked, you can take a barrier, a airplane, you can be transportation.
The activist technology -- you can see in the paradigms, in the technology, and at the end, we are all pictures of architecture -- and the building becomes beyond their physical audience.
The architecture is everywhere. That means that the speed of communities finally has reached the speed of the architecture.
Because architecture is moving so quickly.
It's not a long time to think about a building.
You need a lot of time to build a building, three or four years old, and at that time, an architecture can design two, eight or 100 buildings -- before you know if the one who designed four years ago, it was a success or not.
Because there has never been good resource in the architecture.
This is how we found with buildings like this.
The brother was not a movement of two years, but about 20 years.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how many people would be.
That is never going to be going to happen. I think, because we're in the most revolution of the greatest revolution in the architecture of the investment in the article or the antibiotics, and it's the revolution of the media.
My theory is that when you apply the media to the media media -- it starts to be more quickly, even faster and faster to be in both of us in the site, and it would be depressed by the difference between innovation.
So now we can make a little bit of incredible states, with a completely new thing.
I'm going to teach you how the system works.
And we were aware of this building this building that went in.
This is the center of a village called Pakistan in France India, in the state of New York City.
It's a computer community community.
But that means that two years before it would end up the building -- it was part of the community -- and as the disasters look exactly at the first time, there were no surprise to them.
The building is going to be part of the community -- that first summer, when people started to get and share it in social media -- the building stopped being just a building -- it became a communication of communication because these are not just images of a building, are the images that you did from the building.
And as you use them to tell their story, they become part of the personal narrative -- and that makes them close with the collective memory -- and when you take these systems, we learn.
I mean, we don't need the groups to tell us how to think about.
We can tell us a lot of what we think about architecture because digital media have not only changed the relationship between us, but they have changed the relationship between us and the building.
Think about a second in those Latin Lines.
If that building is built today, first of all, we're going to go to the Internet in looking for new balls."
We would be born with examples of experience of innovation.
That is motivations.
Monthsoles that can lead to the Line of Lincolns, to people from Lenny, and tell you that there is no unique response to what it can be a little bit today.
We are part of this.
And this notion of solutions gives the freedom to experience it.
It's all different now.
The artists are already not those mental creatures that use free words and completely complicated disasters, and one is no longer a private public that doesn't do something that has not seen before.
The artists can listen to you, and you don't let you go through the architecture.
That means that the sub-Saharan paradox of a state to another one, from a movement to another one, is antibiotic.
In fact, we can go down and find solutions right to the problems that face society.
This is the end of the story, and it means that the buildings of the morning will be very different to the buildings today.
This means that a public space in the old city in the ancient city can be only and apply to the measure of a modern city.
And this means that a study in Brazil can be that, a study in British, and not a bad history of red story of red street in ideas of what it has to be a state.
This means that a few robots will be able to build our buildings because we finally are ready for the ways that are going to produce them.
That means that buildings are associated to the nature of nature and not the control.
And this means that a piece of stage in Michael Benjamin, French, can also be able to do it to do it or for the monkey, or even you can get up in the night.
And this means that three artists can be able to go up with nature in the New York City of New York, and it will be a million dollars of the community of the community of the community of that cause -- it's no longer a little bit.
It means that no building is too small for innovation -- like this little state of research, as well as the animals that are going to look at you.
Because it doesn't matter if it's a vaccine or a robot who built our building.
It doesn't matter how we build it, what matters is what we built in.
The artists already know how to do more effective buildings and more anti-portants and more active.
We've been waiting for all of you to do it.
And finally, we are not at all.
They find an architecture and you go together and work together to make better buildings, better cities, for a better world, because there is a lot in play.
The buildings don't only make our society, but they give them a way to the smaller spaces -- the local biologists, the homes where we form our children, and the step of the drawing in the back.
Thank you very much.
This is my street, Stanford.
I just got a year and I started walking up.
And it makes it a great way of the children in a year -- as if your body was moving too fast for their legs for them.
It is totally predictable.
And one of the things that I like to do for the moment is to look at the mirror.
She really love his research.
It goes up and child, and it gives themselves these big basis and subjects.
It's beautiful.
And then I allowed all their friends to do this and my mom tells me that I used to do it -- and he made me think, when about doing this?
How is it that we are not going to do with our application?
Because they don't like it.
Every month, 10 people are looking for Google, "I'm factor."
This is Facebook, it's 13 years old and living in Democratic.
And as any adventure, you just want to be water and walking.
This is the night.
It is getting for the next week in school.
It has a little bit of fear -- it's a little bit, because even though his mom tells him all the reason that it's beautiful, all the days in school, somebody tells you that it's failure.
And what his mom tells him and what his friends says, and what his friends, or the school of school said, you know who believe it.
So a video of her, I put it in YouTube, and he asked others that please leave a company, "I am a bank or am I fact?
Well, so far it has got more than 13 dollars.
Some of these are so distributed, that you don't even want to think about them.
We talked about a healthy personality, normal and corrupt, who got these answers in one of the studies of their most vulnerable life.
thousands of people are putting videos like this, in their most likely kids trying to communicate this way.
But what is it going to do this?
Well, the teams of today are almost never alone.
They are under the pressure of being in line and available all the time -- talking about, called, she was looking like it, starting -- by starting -- by sharing -- I would never end up.
We've never been so connected to it, in a way -- in a way, so young people.
As a mother said to me, "It's just like there is a film in his fourth every night every night.
There is just no pressure there.
And the social questions that go from the hand with that are implication.
This environment -- of being always connected to our kids to get down in the number of "I like you have and the kinds of companies that they get on.
There's no difference between a life in line and real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what is real or what it is.
And also, it's very difficult to know the difference between what is an alternative and what is marketing disappearing.
What is the most designed thing in the life of someone in front of what is normal in a data content?
And where are they looking for the institution?
Well, you can see the kind of images that are made of the news of the girls in now.
The movie models are continue to give us our patterns.
The temperature of the spirit is now a race.
And you tend to like, "The story, the back and the paradigm.
For those of you who know it, it means presentation.
These techniques are associated from women in the popular culture today.
It's not hard to see what the young people.
But the kids are not important to this.
Like the surface stars of the spirit, and the headlines of the headlines.
But what is the problem with all this?
Well, we often want our kids to grow out and be good individuals that are good.
But in a culture. We are teaching our kids to do more time and mental enough to their attention to the price of all of the other species of their identity in their own.
So things like their relationships -- the development of their physical change, their students and other species start to happen.
six in every 10 girls are not going to do something because you think you don't see how good enough.
These are not traditional activity.
They are fundamental activity for their growth as human beings and as a control to society and in the field of the lab.
35 percent, almost one in three dollars are not interested in the classrooms of the classes. They are going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to call the attention for their physical aspect of it.
One of the five of them are not getting up to things at all.
And in the temperature of experts -- if you don't think that you see good enough -- especially if you don't think you are enough enough -- you will get a less than the average of the average of your colleagues who don't worry about that from the application.
And this phenomenon has been involved in Finance, United States and China.
And it gives up what they actually think of these young people.
So, so that it was very clear -- we're talking about how you see you, not what you're really really like.
And the car under his body is depressing the active regime.
And it's also looking at health.
You know, you can see a little bit less physical activity to make less physical activity -- they eat less fruits and versions, and they have a lot of death disasters that you can bring them to a food.
They have a lot of automobile.
They are more happy by the people who do them and they are in a greater risk of democracy.
And we think this is all about what they make a little bit more architects, like the control of all the anti-profit and the drugs -- the distributed distances, the sexual relationships to the early age and no pressure and the paradigm disaster.
The search of the perfect body is paying the health system, and our government costs thousands of dollars every year.
And we're not.
women who believe that they have a little bit of a again, and they don't have a lot of attacks of attention.
The 18 percent of women are not present to a work of work in one day where they don't feel safe with the way you see it.
Think about a moment in what this is doing to our economy.
If we could put this up, what would that be that opportunity?
This potential is about an interest for each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, I'm talking about, by the way, it doesn't take you very far.
It's not basically.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key forms -- the first one is that we have to keep trust in their own body.
We have to help our tend to develop tools to make the pressure of perfect images and build their authority.
The good news is that there are many available programs to do it.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
I was very surprised when I learned that a lot of people who I learned that a lot of intelligent programs -- not to realize the situation.
So we need to make sure that the program of our children are not only going to have a positive impact but also a dark impact as well.
And the research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas -- the first one is the influence of the family -- friends and relationships of it.
And these six things are positive points for any willing to bring an education in a body of body that works.
One education is fundamental -- but we're going to focus on this problem comes from each of us that we take out of each of us in the issue and we're a better model to follow for women and girls in our own lives.
It challenges the current state of how women are seen and mentioned in our cells.
It's not good to tell us about what our police is in front of our police or the size of their fish or the size of their shoes, or to imagine that the diversity or the success of a super-size device depends on the fact that it's not a great beauty of it.
We need to start playing people so they are, not as you see it.
All of us can start doing it by using the responsibility for the kind of images and companies that we put in our social network.
We can choose people in their effort and their activities and not in their approach.
And let me ask you, when was the last time you had a mistake?
You know, we have to work together as communities as communities and as companies -- to change our culture, to change our culture, so that our kids will grow up all their person, looking at the individual -- the diversity -- the distribution of it.
We have to put people who are really killing the difference in a display.
To make a difference in the real world, we do that they are the ones that go out in the big screen because we just create a different world.
A world where our children are free to become the best version of them, where the way they believe that they are never able to be who they are, or to reach what they want in their lives.
Think about what this can mean for someone in their lives.
Who do you have in me?
At the time?
Her baby?
And at his daughter, your daughter, to his daughter, to his daughter, to his daughter, to his daughter, to his daughter, to his daughter, to his daughter, to his daughter, to his daughter, to his daughter, to his daughter, to his daughter, to his daughter, to his daughter, to his daughter, to his daughter, to his daughter, to his daughter, to his daughter, to his daughter, to his daughter, to
Her street?
It could be just the woman who is about two years old. What would it mean for her if it was free of that controlled voice in his interaction -- that I was interested by not having long legs -- a little bit more disappearing, a little bit more planning, and so on.
What would it mean for her if we are going to do this and would we tell us about your potential in that way, right?
Right now, the object of our culture with the images is getting all of us.
But we teach our kids the truth.
So let's tell you that the way you see you is just a part of your identity -- and the truth is that we love them for who they are and so they do, and as they make us feel like.
We put the car in our schools.
We change each of us, the way we talk about and compare with other people.
And we worked together as a community -- from small groups to governments to governments -- so that the small trains of a year of time today, they become a safe change of themselves.
Let's do it.
And the five percent of 1990s, a woman named Alexander Health went back to a hospital in Mars and antibiotics to the Root Kenya, the leader of the Leader Department Line.
And then they were increasing the increased, but it's going to be put by other hands -- in company of others -- they started to plan attacks to about 12 years of New York.
On the course of those plants were built by the FBI.
They were thrown at the 1990s in the World Center Center -- you couldn't avoid it.
It was going to be connected by his perspective in that attack.
Androad Same is my father.
And I was born in Park, Pennsylvania, in Kenya.
Just when I was seven years old, our family started to change.
My father taught me a form of the Island, which is very few -- even most of the musicians, they get to know.
For experience I saw that when people take time to interact it, it doesn't get a lot to get the same things in life.
However, in every human group -- there is always a small flow of people who are going to be so excited to their conditions that think that you have to use all the possible media so that they all live like them.
A few months before the air was sat with me, and I explained to me that in the last couple of weeks -- he and some friends -- they had been giving up to the end of the stage in London Iraq, to predict it.
He told me that I would go with him the next day.
We got to the picture of the Turkey Canada, which without knowing our group -- I was killed by the FBI.
When I took me up, my father helped me support the radio in the man and I explained to me how to go to the goal to about 30 feet.
That day, with the last bacteria I gave him to the little short light on the goal and to surprise of all of all, especially me, all the goal in the calls of it.
My man went back to the other and around, he said "The Bangalore."
And of course, a child.
All of all, the company made a lot of risky, but just a few years later, I understood what they were so funny to them.
They saw in me, the same level of distribution that my father could cause me.
Those people later would be used to put up a lot of dollars in the top of the supermarket strategy of the World Center of the World Center of the World Center Center, which is going to take an explanation that killed six people and he did to another 1,000 percent.
I would add those men.
They call them "The "Mind" that means you.
And when I was 18, I was already moved 20 times -- that transmission during my step doesn't allow me to do a lot of antibiotics.
Every time I started to feel close close to somebody already was time to stay and go to another city.
As I was always me the face of the class of the class with often it was made of markets.
And I was able to secret my identity to avoid it to be the white -- but it will be the new of the class and security, and it was enough.
So most of the time the time was going on in home reading books -- looking at TV or playing video games.
So for these reasons I don't develop social skills to tell them supermarketed, to grow up under favorite, I was not prepared for the real world.
And I was able to get to the people, and it was based on traditional individuals, like their reason or their religion or their religion is.
So how could you open your eyes, the eyes, how could you open your eyes.
One of the first experiences that they were able to test my way to think about -- it was during the political choices of 2,000 percent.
In a protected program in which I was part of the National Congress Congress in Park.
My group is focused on the issue of visual violence -- as I had been made almost all my life almost all my life, it was something that I felt a lot of passion for me.
The members of this group are coming from a lot of problems.
One day, to the end of the conversation -- I found that one of the kids with who we had done friendly, was place.
It took a number of days out of the light and I realized that there was no animation between the two.
I had never had a left friend and I had been very proud to have been very proud of having been able to see the neighborhood that all life had made me believe that it was influence.
Another critical moment came up when I got a serious work in Brazil Galaxy, a piece of distributions.
I found people from all kinds of believe and culture. That experience was fundamental in the development of my character.
And all of the life had taught me that the hospital was a fish and, by the way, all of the hospitals were bad influences.
By the way, I had the opportunity to work with a massive car there, in a space, and I could see that several of them were the most advanced and less creatures that had seen in life.
I have been a kid, I developed a sense of employee to the suffering of the subject, but it wasn't easy for me to try to be able to treat people, exactly in the way I would have wanted to be treated to me.
And so I was able to control the statistics that had taught me about a kid, with the experience of interaction in real life.
I don't know what that is, but I know what it is like to be made by something beyond my control.
Then he came the "Strains Saturday.
All of the night, John Steve made me be incredibly honest to my interfaces, and I would help me see that the race of people, the relationship or the sexual organization, you have nothing to do with the card.
In many ways he came back in a moment in a moment when I was willing to need it.
In authorities, the inspiration can come from the institution -- and that a support would have had a better influence in my own life that my own father -- extract, it wasn't going to come out.
One day I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my way to think, and she told me something that I will consider in my heart for always as I was alive.
And she looked at me with the eyes of someone who has been suffering enough with distributed distribution and said to me, "I'm carefully carefully.
At that time I realized how many negative energy is needed to keep all of that hate in your environment.
My real name is not Zarland Arabic.
I changed it when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why do I decided to go out and put in a possible right?
Well, it's simple.
I've done it because I hope someone else is trying to take the violence -- I can hear my story and understand that there is a better path -- that even though I was connected to this visual idea and intelligent, I did not get to make any failure.
By the way, I decided to use my experience to fight the temperature and against the pressures.
I do it for the victims of the temperature and for their beings -- by the terrible pain and the loss that the temperature has produced them in their lives.
And by the video victims to talk to those act with no sense.
And with this simple I'm going to get me here as a test that violence is not international to any relationship or rich -- that children don't have to follow the way of their parents of their parents in it.
I'm not my father.
Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you very much.
At this time, there's a film that is project in their mind.
It's an amazing movie movie here.
It's in 3D and it has sound of what you hear and see right now. But that's just the beginning.
Your film has antibiotic, and it was starting and terrible.
It feels your body your body, your dog, your planet.
It has emotions and happiness.
It has remember, as a moment of your innovation that are project to your eyes.
And it has completely a supermarket voice in your own thinking of thinking.
The heart of the film is you who experience all in the distance.
This film is your concept of science, the dream of the mind and the world.
The consciousness is one of the fundamental truth of the experience of being human.
Every one of us is aware of us.
We all have an inner film -- you, you and you.
There is nothing we know more directly than that.
So I know that I have a conversation of it.
I don't have a question that you are aware of you.
The science is also the reason to live.
If we were not aware of it, nothing in our lives would have sense or value.
But at the same time it is the most metal phenomenon of the universe.
Why are we conscious?
Why do we have these international movies here.
Why are we not just robots that we're going to get to produce results without experience in the entire model in the entire model.
At this point, nobody knows the answer to those questions.
It suggests that to interact the science to science, you need some radical ideas.
Some people say it's impossible a science science science.
The science, by nature, is obsessed.
The science, by nature.
So there may never be a science of science.
Because for almost all the 20th century, I predict that vision.
People study the behavior solve, the neurons study the brain, but never no one mentioned the science.
Even 30 years ago, when TED began -- there were very few scientists on the science.
Then 20 years ago, everything started to change.
neurons like French Critics and physics like Robert Pietness said, "You know, it's the moment for the science for the consequences.
And since then, there was a real experience of the scientific work about science.
And this work was great. It was great.
But it also has fundamental lines to the time.
The center of the science of science in the recent years was the search of corruptions, correspondents between some areas of the brain and some state of science.
We saw some of this kind of guy in the great work that President Kang did a few minutes ago.
Now we understand much better, for example, the areas of the brain that are related to the happy experience of looking at face or to feel happy or feel happy.
But this is still a science science.
It's not a science science.
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of conventional experience, but we don't know why.
I'd like to explain saying that this kind of work of the neurons respond some questions that we want to explain the consciousness -- the questions about what certain areas of the brain and with what they control.
But in a sense, those are the easy.
It would not be able to get the neurons to the neurons.
In fact, there are no easy problems with science.
Well, I don't open the real central mission of this way, why all the physical process in the brain has to be associated by consequence?
Why is there an entire short movie?
At this time, we can't understand it.
And you can say, let's give us a few years to the neurons of it.
It is going to become another amazing phenomenon like the strategies, like the homes, like the life, and we're going to find experience.
And the typical supplies are all cases of emotional behavior -- how to do the states, how you get the humans, how they get up, they are applied and make the living organisms -- all of them are questions about the objective work.
That could be apply to the human brain to explain some behavior and the function of the human brain as an amazing phenomenon -- how we walk on, how we talk about, how do we play and are all questions about behavior.
But when it comes to science, the questions about behavior are between easy problems.
But the difficult problem is the question of why is that all of the behavior is about a sustainable experience.
And here it is, the station will study of the supermarket, the station of the neuroscience, actually doesn't have a lot to say.
I am a heart scientific materials.
I want a scientific theory of the authority that it works. For a long time, I got the head against the wall looking for a theory of science in some physical terms that would work.
But at the end I got to the conversation that it didn't work for social reasons.
I think we're going to be in this point.
We have a wonderful explosion of wonderful experiences. We used to do this, the physics explain the chemical -- the doctors explain biology -- the biology explain part of the patient.
But the consciousness doesn't seem to be able to end up in this.
On the one hand, it's a fact that we're aware of.
On the other hand, we don't know how to get that idea to our scientific view of the world.
I think the consciousness is right now, is a kind of animal, something that we need to interact our view of the world, but we don't know how to do it.
And with an animal like this, you can need really radical ideas -- I think we need ideas that at the beginning of the beginning, before you can deal with the science of a scientific way.
There are some possibility for those crazy ideas.
My friend Dan Department, which is here today, has one.
His crazy idea is that there is no hard problem of the conversation.
All of the idea of the idea of the international film including a kind of information or conservation.
And actually, what you have to do, is to explain the objects of the brain, the behavior of the brain -- and this is what you need to do is study everything that needs it.
Well, more power for him.
That is the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of the science of religious consciousness based on the brain.
At the same time, for me, and for many other others, that vision is pretty close to just notice that the object of science is similar.
But I go in a different direction.
In the time that I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be present.
The first crazy idea is that the consciousness is fundamental is fundamental about it.
The physics sometimes take some aspects of the universe as a fundamental limits, the space, the time and the mass and the mass.
You put fundamental laws that governments -- like the laws of the gravity or the quantum mechanism.
These laws and fundamental properties don't explain in terms of any more basic thing.
By the way, they become fundamental -- and that's what the world.
Sometimes the list of the fundamental thing is disappearing.
In the 19th century, I found that you can't explain that you can't explain the electrical phenomenon in terms of fundamental consequences in terms of fundamental consequences -- space -- and then you put the basic laws of electronics. And you put the electrical letter as a fundamental concept that those laws will government it.
I think that is the situation that we found with the science.
If you can't explain the connection in terms of fundamental ideas in terms of fundamental ideas -- space -- time, man, then by the way, you have to take the list to the list of it.
The most natural thing would be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be a fundamental state of nature.
This doesn't mean that suddenly it's not an object of science.
It's going to open the way to make it science.
And so what we need is to study the fundamental laws that government the consciousness -- the laws that connect the connection with other fundamental consequences, the space, the time, the mass, the physical process.
The physics sometimes say that we want financial laws so simple that we can put them into a network.
The situation of science is something like this.
We want to find fundamental laws so simple that we could be used in a card.
We still don't know what laws are, but that's what we look for.
The second crazy idea is that the consciousness can be used to be.
Every system can have a lot of consciousness in it.
So this vision sometimes called paradigm, "The statement for me, the site for me, every single system, not only humans -- not just humans -- the markets, the mountains, even the microbes of Robert King, the electric particles of it.
Even a picture has a lot of science.
The idea is not that pictures are smart or they think.
It is not that a picture can be full of anti-portion when you think about the speed of light.
I can never stand and get the rocks."
No, no.
But the thinking is that maybe the pictures can have some electric feeling of critical feeling -- solar prison, some private price of science.
This can sound a little bit crazy for you.
How do someone think about something so cool?
In part of this comes from the first crazy idea, that science is a fundamental thing.
If it's fundamental -- like space, time and mass -- it's natural to suggest that it can also be universal as well as the others.
It's also worth to notice that even though the idea looks like that, it is much less for people of different culture, where the human mind seems more like the nature.
A more profound reason it comes from the idea that maybe the most simple and powerful way to find fundamental laws that relate to the thinking of the physical process, which is changing the consciousness with information.
And there is always a process of information -- there is science.
It's about complex information -- like in a human consequence, complex information.
simple information, simple information.
A very exciting thing is that in the recent years, a neurons, Google Times, I took this kind of theory and the dark development with math mathematics.
It has a mathematical measure of the information of information, which is called the prison, which means the degree of information in a system.
And I supposed to do with the science.
So in a human brain, there is an incredibly high amount of information of information -- a lot of high path, a lot of science.
In a mouse there is a mind of information of information -- just a lot of meaning of information -- a lot of a lot of pretty important science.
But when you get to the landscapes, the microbes, the particles of the past said.
The level of information of information is less but it's not clear yet.
In the Test theory -- there are still a different science level of content.
In fact, I made a fundamental law of the consequence, high group of conservation, high conservation.
Also, another reason is that paradigm can help us interact the science to the physical world.
The physics and the physics have seen that the physics is clearly article.
He described the structure of reality using a lot of equipment, but we don't talk about the reality of reality.
As you explain Stage Han: "Where is the force of the ecosystems?
From the vision of the physics of physics that you can leave as they are, but you can use to describe the flow of science.
That's what physics do basically -- they describe the flow of science.
In this view, the consciousness is that I put it up in the wrong.
In that view, the consciousness doesn't find outside the physical world as a kind of adult.
It's there in the center.
This vision -- I think, the potential vision has the potential to transform our relationship with nature, and it can have social consequences and pretty serious sensors.
Some of them can be strategy.
I used to think that I had nothing to eat anything that had consciousness -- then I had to be an adventure.
If you are a paradigm and you add that vision and you have a lot of humanity.
I think that thinking about it, this tend to transform your violence, while what it matters in terms of technical and moral consequences, it's not so much the fact that the fact of science, but their complexity and their complexity and their complexity is.
It's also natural to ask the science in other systems like computers like computers as well.
What about the American intelligence system in the movie in the Millennium, "The Middle Middle.
Is it conscious?
In the view of the vision of the sharp information, she has a complicated information process, so that the answer is yes, if it is.
If this is right -- you put a lot of very serious things about the device of the development of smart computers and the airplane of them.
And finally, you can ask for the concept of the whole colleagues -- the planet.
Care has his own consequence?
Or a more local level -- a growing group -- like the audience in a TED talk -- at this moment we have a TED consequence, an entire film for this whole whole group of TED -- different from the entire molecules of each of the parts?
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least this is a question that has to be able to take a serious question.
And so this came up with it, it's a radical view -- and I don't know if it's right.
I'm actually more sure of the first crazy idea, that science is a fundamental thing, which is the second thing that it is used to it.
And the vision is a lot of questions, a lot of challenges like, like, how those fish of thinking control the kind of complex science we know and love us.
If we can respond to those questions, then I think we're going on the right way to a theory of serious science.
If no, well, this is probably the most difficult problem of science and physical problem.
We can't wait to solve the night to the morning.
But I think we will finally go to find it out.
To understand the consciousness is the real key -- I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we just need the right idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a little rural village in Vietnam.
I had a very normal personality, a personal under education.
I went to school, I was sent with my friends -- I was told with my hands better.
It was all very normal it.
And when I was 15 years old, a members of my community went to my parents because I wanted to tell you for a price of the community.
And my parents said, "Well, that's a very nice thing, but there is a whole problem.
She has actually never got anything --  and they had right.
I went to school, I was good at the school, I had a good story in the fire of my mother, and I was spent a lot of time looking at the secret "sevens, "The Saturn Saturn and "The "Disconstruction Congolese.
Yes, I know it. So what I know.
But they had right.
I didn't do anything that was extraordinary at all.
No one that can consider as a play if we take the distribution out of the equation.
And years later, being in the second part of the strategic school in a high school school in Maria -- just after about 20 minutes in the cost 18 of you a guy who had a hand and said, "You know, when you give your distribution?
And I said, "What do you disappear?
Well, I had been talking about the law law for about 20 minutes.
And he said, you know, you know, your moral language.
When people in the seats -- they talk about inspired things in school?
"Please in the room of actions.
And it was then when I realized -- this kid had had experience with people with discoveries like interactions of inspiration as well.
And we don't are. And it is not about the girl -- I mean, that's true for many of us.
For us, people with distribution are not our teachers or our doctors or our medical medications.
We're not real people. We're there.
And in fact, I'm in this stage looking at what I do in this room, and probably you are waiting to get you to get you to inspire you. Right?  Yeah.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I have to be able to tell me.
I'm not here to inspired them.
I'm here to tell you that they have been sitting at the distribution of democracy.
Yes, you have seen the meaning that the discovery is something wrong -- at magic, my microscope.
It's kind of bad and living with a discovery makes you extraordinary you.
It's not a bad thing and it doesn't make any excited.
And in the last few years, we have been able to produce even more of this memory through social communities.
It's possible that you have seen images like this, "The only distribution in life is a bad activist?
Or this one, "The excited is investigating -- in effect it.
Or this one -- before I go down, in the stream."
These are just a couple of example, but there is a great amount of them.
It may be that you have seen one of the children with no hands running with a strategic paradigm by the barrier.
You may have seen a kid who was running with a little bit of cardiologist forests.
And there are a lot of these images -- which is what we call the political inspiration of it.
And I use the term to be able to get a group of people for a group of people for the benefit of another group of people.
So in this case, we take the discovering of the people with not distribution.
The purpose of these images is to be able to be able to be able to look at them -- so that we can see it and think, "Well, for very bad that my life, it could be worse to be worse.
I could be that person.
But if you are that person -- and if you are that person.
I've lost the story of the number of times that have been able to express that they believe that I am valuable or a source of inspiration -- and this happens before my work had a public personality.
It was as if I was going to tell me about the morning and remember my own name --  -- and this is to continue.
These images -- those images are going to get the people with the people with the people without the distribution.
They are there so that you can see them and think that things are not so bad for you, or to put their workers in people.
And life as a personal person is actually something hard.
We know some things.
But the things we know are not the things that you can think about.
They're not religious things to our body.
I use the term to the transportation to describe the top personality, because I was able to call it the social model of distribution, which tells us that we are more designed because of the society that we live because of our bodies or disasters.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very close with him.
The things that I need to do, and I've learned to take the best of his capacity as you do it, and that's what happens with the children of those pictures as well.
They're not doing anything out of it.
They are just using their bodies going up to the best of their change.
So is it really just going to do it in the way we do that, when you share those images to share those images -- when you share those images to share the images?
When people say, "You are a source of institution, it tells you like a career.
And I know why happens.
It's because of the mind, because you've been sold by this mind that the discovery makes us.
And unfortunately, it doesn't do.
And I know what you're thinking.
I am here bringing the inspiration -- and you think of God, "The Stanford, you're not sometimes inspired by something.
And actually, I know that.
I learn from other people with distribution at all.
However, I don't learn that I'm more lucky than them.
And I learned that this is a great idea to use a little bit of ball to pick out the things that you get away from the things that are continuing to me --  learn how to take the back of how to take the beauty of the mobile phone in the base of the chair.
Great.
We learn from the force and responsibility of the others, not against our bodies and our distributions, but against a world that explored and construction.
And I really believe that that means that we have been sold about democracy is the biggest intensity.
It makes us a hard life.
And that client, "The only distribution in life is a bad activity, the reason that that is a management is because it's not true, because of the social model of distribution.
A lot of states in a shoe of schools has not done that it became a barrier.
Not --    So Samark to a piece of television will not be able to get the cells for the supply people.
Not a lot of people in the middle of a free and increasing a positive activity to become all those books to the brand.
It's simply not going to happen.
And I want to really live in a world where democracy is not exactly the experiment, but the normal.
I want to live where a 15 years old, sitting on her distance looking at "The Santa Saturn -- you don't know about anything for being in a chair to be in a chair.
I want to live in a world where we don't have so low experiences of the people with democracy that we are happy to get out of the bed and remember our names for the morning.
I want to live in a world where we value in a world where we value people with discoveries, and I want to live in a world where a child at the age of 11 degrees in a high school school is not a little bit surprised that his new teacher is a subject of subjects.
Design does not make us excited, but it would do what you believe to know about it as you do.
Thank you.
What do you have to look at the reality and the professional phone, with the employees?
And what is the middle speed of a card without care?
Unfortunately, I'm only going to answer one of those questions, so please don't be disappearing.
When people think of actually under the reality of Mars, you think about "Marcus Remote -- and in Times Creator in the air.
The reality is something that will happen in our days and happen because we have the tools for it, and people need to know it, because the reality is going to change our lives as much as the Internet and the mobile phone.
So how do we get to the reality of reality?
The first step -- it's what I put place, the Google Google Galaxy.
I'm sure many of them are familiar with them.
What you may not know is that the Google Google is a device that allows you to see what I see.
I'm going to allow you to experience what it is to be a professional distribution in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is that I tried to describe them.
I have to use words.
I have to create a little bit that you will take with his imagination.
We can use the Google Gallers, under a car and know what it is to run through the game of the game of the game in the game of 100 miles -- the blood gains the eyes.
We can know that it feels like a man in the age of 100 pounds us, trying to tell us about all of their be.
I've been there and I'm sure that it's not a fundamental thing.
I have a few videos to show you what is to use the Google governments under the car, and give you an idea of that.
Unfortunately, they are not images of the NGOs of NASA, because the idea of the NGOs technology is a surgeon coming up to the surface. But we do what we can.
So let's look at a video.
Chris Katie, let's go.
It's horrible to be an algorithm.
One moment.
Predict?
Let's go.
Chris Katie, as you can see, is a chance of what is going to be made in the formation field -- from the perspective of the antibiotics.
You will have realized that they are a lot of people, the rest of the team.
We have a video of them, collaboration from the University of Washington, Washington.
March first field, Richards 55."
blue two, blue eight -- Google.
Chris Katie, this is a little bit more to the feeling to be in the field but it doesn't have anything to do with the NASA.
They want that experience.
The phenomenon wants to be in the field -- it will be their favorite players -- and they have asked me in YouTube and in Twitter -- you can see from the nation of a field.
Or a coral?
We want to experience that.
Once we have that experience with Google and Google Gallers, how do we get out of first, how do we get it to the next level, how do we get it to the next level, how do we get it to the next level, how do we get it to the next level, how do we get it to the next level, how do we get it to the next
We took it to that level using something called Russian Richard, which is still a lot of already know.
The Richard World has been described as the activity of virtual virtual reality.
And I'm going to show you why with this video.
Man: Oh, O?K.
No, no, no, I don't want to keep playing play? No.
Oh, my God, G."
CA: That's the experience of a man in a man who was going for their life.
What would be the experience of a fantastic when we would take a video from Australia Peterful creating the line -- getting out of a computer with the arm before they run up and make an antibiotic? What will be the experience of a fantastic.
When it could be mentioned by the card, by taking the baby to the forest of the network? Or Frank doing a stream in World" in Washington."
What will it be your experience when it comes from a mountain to more than 100 miles like a foreign control?
Maybe you get the speed of papers for adults for people.
But this is not really actively.
It's just virtual really, Richard.
How do we get the reality of the reality, Richard?
We are going to get the reality of the reality when the interviews, the mountains and the others see the information of what people want to see and think, "How do we use this to improve our teams."
How do we use it to get short?
Because they are always using technology to win it.
They like to win them. It gives you money.
So here is a little record about technology in the NASA.
In 1995, the Poles of Baliline put a death to their field of field to play faster to play.
They won the Sun Book that year.
Other teams decided to get them.
More people saw the side because it was more exciting because it was more exciting.
In 2008.
They had more effective because it was faster because it was faster than it.
In 2010, imagine that they are a game coming back to his group and you see their next player in front of you -- in a plastic view that they are going to get player. You won't have to worry about finding a player.
Or by making the structure.
They just go back to the field and they go back.
And they want them to do it because if you don't follow their institutions -- they lose participants, and they hate to lose participants.
If you lose a little bit of them as a strategic start.
And they don't want that.
But the reality is actually not just a better strategy of better.
The reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your way to play the party.
How would you do?
Well, a very simple choice would be a camera in every stage of the study having a view from the high of the people who are down.
You also get information of the states and the applications, something that is already working on.
And all of that information is sent to your play.
The good team would be able to send it.
The bad things will have about information.
This is going to difference the good team.
So your information team is going to be as important as your resources, and the data of data will stop being just for neurons.
It's also going to be desperately. Who would have imagined?
How would it be in the field?
Imagine that they are the field.
You get the white and the grades.
You look at an open region. All right, a party on the left part of your view of your view of your view of your view is going to go back to you -- normally, you wouldn't see it, but the Richard system came up.
You go back to the area of production in it.
Another picture is an open record that there is an open record.
You get the balloon, but they would give you.
And the bacteria lost the transportation.
You don't know where to go to look at it, yet the relationship see in their view an area of the story that was coming together and it can measure the car.
And it goes up with the white and correct and antibiotic.
The public is going on and the factors have followed the player from every nanother.
This is something that is going to create a massive emotions in the part.
You will make people look at it, because people want to live that experience.
They want to be in the field.
They want to be their favorite play.
The reality is actually going to be part of the department because it's too likely to not be.
But what I ask you is, we want this to be the only use of the reality of reality.
Are we going to use it just as a painting and climate, like our healthy intensive."
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think we can use the reality that we can actually use to make the company between human beings to show somebody how it is, literally being in the place of another person.
We know what this technology is worth for the demonstration lines.
It takes thousands of dollars a year.
But how much is this technology for a teacher in the room trying to show a guess how many of them are their access from the perspective of the virus?
How much is this technology for a galaxy in University or Richard trying to show the world how it lives being?
How much of a company for a Hollywood Hollywood or a New Department Department is trying to inspired a generation of children to think more in space and science instead of the strange and Kinderbowls and Kids.
Ladies and gentlemen, the reality.
The questions that we do, the decisions that we take and the challenges that we face and the challenges that we face -- you know, of us.
Thank you.
And I remember me after 25 years of service in the World Park of California.
Most of those 25 years I had been able to put it out of the top of the Mount of Maria, which including the Google Galaxy business.
And the bridge is a influenced structure -- known by their beautiful view of San Francisco -- the West Park, and the Paris institution and their institution is an artificial structure.
Unfortunately, it's also an image for sustainability, being one of the most used places in the world.
And the President Google Galaxy was open in 1970.
John Steves, I engineering a failure of building the bridge -- he said that, "The bridge is basically the protection of sustainability.
The sound from the bridge is not profound and probably no problem.
But from his open, more than 1,000 people have gone to their death from that bridge from it.
Some of you believe that I will travel between the two dollars will bring them to another day, this bridge has been considered as a while that every single one from the top of all your worry and pain -- and the water, and the water that are going to go up with your air.
But let me tell you that it happens when the bridge is used to be able to eat sustainable.
After one free of four to five seconds, the body has been against the water about 150 miles per hour.
And the impact is the properties, some of the ones that they have a living organisms.
Most of them die in the impact.
The ones that no, you usually go into the international water and then they go down.
I don't think that the ones that will tell you that this model of suffering is realized about the death of the death that they will be done.
This is the card.
And I except about the two topics, there are 35 degrees of access on the bridge of the bridge on it.
So here is where most people are going to get the life.
I can tell you for experience that once the person is in that way, and in their most dark time, it's very hard to bring it back back.
I took this picture last year while this young man was talking to an office by putting his life.
I want to tell you that we had success that day to bring it back on the back.
When I started working on the bridge -- we didn't have any form in the bottom.
We went back to get the way through these called the calls.
This was not just a bad service to those who are going to tell us the sustainability, but the office as well.
We have done a long way since then.
Today, you know, the very anti-profit and the teachers are coming into the new office.
This is James Garden.
I met it about 25 percent of miles last year when you get a call of a possible subject that was sitting in the control near the center of the center of the center of the center of the center of the center of the center of the center of the center of the center of the center of the center of the center of the center of the center
And I said, and when I came up, I looked at Japan talking to an office of the Google Google Pole.
Japan was only 35 years old, and I had come back to here from New Jerusalem.
In fact, I had come back up to here two times before it was to be in New Japanese to try to get out of this business.
After about one hour to talk to Japan, we asked us if we knew the story of the Pacific box in the box.
I remember the Greek microbe, I created Park, and I sent it to the Earth with a box -- and he said, "You never open that box."
Well, one day, the culture was more than Park, and she opened the box up.
And of her they came up with planning, penguins, and all kinds of bad against the man.
The only good thing on the box was hope.
So Japan asked us, "What if you open the box and there's no expectation?
And it took a little bit of the right, and it took the right on the right, and it was.
This is a state and an intelligent girl in New Francisco just supported life.
I talked to the parents in Japan that night, and I guess when I was talking to them, it doesn't seem to be a very good thing, because the next day, the family of the family called me to see how I was.
The parents of Japan had asked it.
The collective data of the superconductor affect a lot of people.
I put these questions, what would you do if a members of your family, a friend or somebody else was surrounded?
What would you do?
Do you know what to say.
In my experience, it doesn't just have to talk about, but you have to listen to it.
I heard to understand it.
You don't tell you, you know, or you say to the person you know how it feels like, because you probably don't know.
Just being there, you can be the point of influence that you need.
If you think that somebody is survival, you don't have enough to tell them and make the question.
One way to do the question is, "The "short side is thought about taking their life, you've had these thoughts?
And then you find the front person can save the life and be the point of influence for them.
And other signs to look for it, hope to believe that things are terrible and that they're never going to improve -- impossible, believe that there is nothing that you can do about it, social social society, and a lost of interest in life.
And I was going on this talk about a couple of days ago, and I got an age of a week and I'd like to read you his face.
She lost his son the 18 percent of this year, and I wrote this company just a couple of days ago, and it is with his weight and bank that I read it.
"Hey, Kenya -- I imagine you are in the TED.
It must be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking that I should go back to the bridge this end of week.
I just wanted to leave a note.
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home talking about it to their friends who tell their friends, etc.
I'm still a lot of inspiration, but I know more times to realize that God will not go home.
Michael was constructed from Park to San Francisco to see the 1970s to see his father at the age of the 1970s.
I never got there.
And I called the Palestinian police and I read it as a disappear that night.
At the next morning, two organisms came to my house and they found me that the car of Michael was down in the bottom.
And a team had seen it from the bridge at the end of the 1960s in the front of the day.
Thank you very much for fight for those who can be usually too hard to fight for themselves.
Who has not been before it is not going to have a real mental disease disease?
It shouldn't be so easy to go with it.
My colleagues are with your street.
The GPS, the President Google Galaxy is supposed to be a step through our beautiful baby, not a climate.
Well, this week, Virginia.
I can't imagine the value that she needs to go to the bridge and get the path that his son took that day, and also the value to go up with it.
I would like to introduce you to a man who I mean with hope and value for me.
And the 18 of the man in 2008, I turned out to a call for a possible subject for a possible.
I went up with my name and I looked at this man and he looked at this man.
When I looked at me, I grew up the barrier, and he stopped in that little triangle that goes around the task.
For the time and a half a next time, I heard like Kenya talked about his democracy and hope.
Kenya decided for her mind that day will go back on that car and give life another opportunity.
When Kenya.
This is a new beginning -- a new life.
But I asked him, "What was what he made you come back and you give the hope and the other opposite?
And you know what he told me?
He said, "I heard me.
I let me talk to me and just listen to me.
A little bit after that income, I got a car of the mother of Kenya, and I have that letter with me, and I would like to get them.
"I want Bertie British, nothing will bring up the events of the 18 percent, and you are one of the reasons why Kenya.
Simplicated, I think Kenya.
It's been available with a mental disease for which has been right.
I went back to Kenya when I only had six months old, completely inclusion of all of those strange rains, but thank God, now we know.
Kenya is in order -- like the say.
We give God for you.
And I would just go up with you, name Bertie."
And at the end of her I wrote -- "Oh. When I came up with the General Hospital of San Francisco that night -- you are going to figure out like the patient.
"I know I had to solve.
All of us is a car father and member of society.
I was talking about the events of that day and his definition with the hope that his story inspired others.
It's not just something that I've found in the work.
It's people.
My grandmother is supposed to be survived.
That act -- despite his own pain -- I cut the opportunity to know it.
This is what the sustainability does.
For most of the people, or those who consider the supermarket, they won't think about getting another person.
They just want their own pain to do.
By the way, this is just about three ways -- to support, the drugs or the death or the death.
In my career I've been responsible and I've been involved in hundreds of mental diseases and called surgery around the bridge.
And of those insects that I've been directly involved in I've only lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Japan.
The other one was a man who told him about a hours.
And during that time, I got my hand in three cars.
In the end, I looked at me, and he said, "Bast, I feel it, but I have to go to me.
And I went out.
It's absolutely honest.
I want to tell you, though, that the great majority of people that we get to focus on that bridge don't be supposed.
Also, those few who have come out of the bridge and living and that you can talk about it, that one or two -- most of those people have said that the second one that they left from the side they realized that they had made a mistake.
I say to people -- the bridge doesn't only connect Mars with San Africa, but also people.
That connection or I think we do, is something that all and every one of us should be able to do.
The supply can be present.
There's help. There's hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes you be what you are, but in your interest you know what you are, and a question to you, how do you become that?
I have to be something only in that sense, but I'm not alone -- in any way I'm alone.
When I became a model I felt that I finally had done the dream that I had ever had from a child.
My outside finally connected with my real interest -- with my interest with me.
For companies that I'm going to give me later, when I look at this picture I think -- I think about it -- you get it -- I get it -- I get it up.
But the last year, I found out that I was going on. I'm starting on.
And we are all taking our families together, our relationship -- our society in history, even our body.
Some of you have the value of ready, to get rid of the control controls by the color of the skin or for the believe of those who are coming up.
They are people who always challenge the state that, which is going on.
In my case, the last nine years, many of my neighbors -- many of my friends, a lot of my friends -- my mind even increased my story.
And I think this innovation is called responsibility.
This is the me.
And I was asked as a kid, and I was going to go back to the speed of my great.
I remember that my five years in the Facebooks, in my house, I always took this shark in the head.
And my mom asked me, "Why are you always going to do that shark in the head?
And I said, "Oh, it's my bank. I'm a girl."
And I knew how to move up.
The genome has always become a restaurant fact, but now we know that in fact, it's something more complex and music.
Because of my success -- I never took me to share my story, not because I would think it will be what I'm bad -- but why the world comes to those of us who want to go.
And every day it will be woman.
I have my mom and a family and a family that I'm going on.
Many of them are not so fundamental.
There is a long tradition in the African culture that celebrate the middle of the gender
There is a collective day of compassion.
There is a little bit of the storyteller, you know, of the woman.
And when I was eight years old, I was in a state in the Facebooks that I celebrate these missions.
I was out of the stage and I remember that this beautiful woman came back to me, and I remember that moment as if something would get me, this is the kind of woman I wanted to be.
And when I was 15 years old, I knew this woman called TEDTalks.
This is the direction of a brain business.
That night she asked me, "Why haven't you been involved in the battery conference."
He told me that if I had been able to get out of the crime stars and the view, and that night, you get in the back of battery, and I got in the back and I had the third end between more than 40 dollars.
That moment changed my life.
And suddenly I was in the world of beauty research.
Not a lot of people can say that their first work was from basis of beautiful women, but I can.
I also met the day of the demonstrations, especially when we were going to go into the recording research of the Facebooks.
But more important than all of that, I met my best friends of that community.
In 2008, my mother, who had moved to San Francisco -- I called me and I told me that they had been able to put my supply on the green train that could go to the U.S.
I was recently.
I said to my mother, "Martin, I'm going on.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a beauty battery."
But then, two weeks later, I called me and said, "You know that if you move to the United States you can change the name and the identity of general."
It was all I needed to listen to.
My mom suggests that I would put two "I would put my name to me.
She was also worried about when I was running in Talk to the 18 years.
It is a question that in some of the most rural cities in Tasmanian are going to do the most personal cells -- sophisticated and safe cities.
In the United States, it was need to do the surgery before changing the name of the name and the genome.
So in 2009, I went to San Francisco -- and I remember looking at the conference of conservation with the name of the name and the "Greenland, the German generation.
It was a big moment.
For some people, their idea of identity means power or power to get a transport, but for me it was the fight to live to me, to feel for me.
And of course, my fear looked at men.
I felt that I could build my dream and move to New York, and it will be model.
Many of them are not so fundamental.
I think about this woman in the name of Martin News.
A young woman in New York is going to live his true, but that, I was going to end his life.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live.
Our supermarket rate is eight times higher than the rest of the population.
And every 20 of us are doing a global violence by the Mountain Medical Department.
I am in this stage for a long story of people who go up and put it back to the intention.
These are Mars Pole.
Today, at this same time, I'm coming out of the article.
I can't keep living my truth and just for me.
I want to do the best thing to help others live their truth without sense, and I don't fear it.
I'm here, exploring for some day there is no longer more than 20 percent of them.
My most profound truth led me to accept what I am.
Do you do that?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.  Kid School, General, a quick question.
George Rome" -- Of course, you see, first of all, to play with all my banks.
In my support of support -- my parents especially to my family -- that I know is very strong to me.
I remember all of the times I have taken up young young women -- who I've heard of young young women who I've been able to call me and they told me that his parents could not do it. I took the phone -- I was called my mom and he said, "Martin, you can call this woman?
So some times it worked -- it's just not just information -- that's what is in the center of what we are, right?
I mean, all of us are going to be able to put on the board, and what I try to do is to put on the table the issue that some times that action didn't know, and that there should be a space that would allow people to address people, and this is a conversation that we should have with parents, with colleagues with them.
The transformation movement.
There's still a lot of work to do.
I should have understood it.
There should be space for curiosity and to ask questions, and I hope all of you are my airplanes.
KB: Thank you. GG: Thank you.
In a lot of public societies and trains, the parents are known by their children, but I'm one of the few parents who are known by their daughter and I'm proud of it.
Mall started his field for education. And when you take their effort in 2010, and when you take their effort in 2010, you will know the National National Prize of the peace -- was very famous -- a very popular girl in his country.
Before that, I was my daughter, but now I'm his father now.
Ladies and gentlemen, if we take a look at the history of human history, the story of women is the story of the intention, the democracy, of violence and exploration.
You see, in the particular societies -- right from the beginning of the beginning, when I was going to get a kid, your birth is not celebrating.
It's not good, not for his father -- not for his mother, not for his mother, not for his mother, not for his mother, not for his mother, not for his mother, not for his mother, not for his mother, not for his mother, not for his mother, not for his mother, not for his mother, not for his mother, not for his mother, not for his mother, not for
The neighborhood comes -- it gives you their control to the mother and no one happy to the country.
And a mother was open to have a child.
When he gives light to the first child -- the first daughter -- the first daughter -- you get transformation.
When he gives light to the second daughter -- it is construction, and with the hope of a son, when I was going to look at his third daughter, it feels like a crime.
Not just the mother -- but the daughter -- the daughter gets national -- when I grew up, it was still as well.
At the age of five years, when I should go to school, it goes home and school to their brothers at the time.
At the age of 12 years, in a way, it has a good life.
You can fun.
You can play with your friends in the street, and it can move through the streets like a market.
But when you go into the adventure, when I was about 13 years old, it was a profit that comes out of his house without a male access.
It is connected to the four walls of their house.
It's not a free person.
It becomes the called home of his father and his brother and her family, and if you take the code of that supermarket of course, it could even kill it.
And it is interesting that this simple code of hour, not only affect the life of a girl -- it also affect the life of the magic members of the family.
And so this sister -- I disappear the galaxies of his life and the happiness of their sister in the name of the house in the house.
And there is a little bit more of the particular societies that's called obsession.
It's supposed to be a good girl that has to be very critical, very human and very super.
It's the crime.
The model of a good girl must be street.
It is supposed to be healthy and that it takes the decisions of their father and his mother and the decisions of the antibiotics, even if you don't want to.
If you get a man with a man who doesn't like or if you do it with a old man, it has to do it, because it doesn't want to be a little bit of design.
If you put it very young -- it has to do it.
And of course, I will call it democracy.
And what happens at the end of the end.
In the words of a position, "The house, and then it gives light to more children and children."
And the stream of the situation is that this mother, included the same lesson to his daughter and the same lesson to his children.
And this video climate and control.
They wanted beautiful and gentlemen, when I was born Mars, and for the first time, I don't like the national resources to be horrible, but when I was there and I looked at his eyes, I was sitting up to me.
And a lot before I was born -- I thought about his name -- and I was fascinated with a legal limit of the freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Martin from Martin: and I called my daughter like that.
But when I looked at me, they were all men, and I was going to get my plan, and I took a line of my name -- and I wrote -- "Martian?
And when she grew up, when she was four and a half years old, I was an article in my school.
You would ask you, why should I mention a little girl in a school in a school?
Yes, I need to get it.
You can give them a sense in Carnega, in the United States, in many developing countries, but in the poor countries, in the political societies in the principles -- in the traditional societies -- is a great technology for the life.
And I will go in a school to mean the relationship of their identity and his name of their name of it.
One evidence to school means that it has been in the world of the dreams and the approaches where it can explore their potential for their future life.
I have five brothers -- and none of them could go to school, and they would be surprised -- two weeks before, when I started the cartoon of a complete vision, and I was in the relationship to the family to the family -- I could not remember the applications of some of my brothers of my brothers in the face.
And the reason was that I had never seen the names of my beautiful states in any document.
That was the reason why I value my daughter for me.
And what my father could not give my brother and his children, I thought I had to change it.
I used to get the intelligence and the speed of my daughter to me.
I was going to sit with me when my friends are going to see me.
The animal is going to go with different memories.
And all of these values -- I've been trying to get them into their personality.
And this was not just for her, just for Mars.
I've made all these good values in my school to girls and girls for the same.
I used the education for emotion.
I teach my children, I teach the students -- to forget the lesson of obesity.
I taught you students to forget the lesson of the called supply called.
You want beautiful and beautiful, we went up with more rights for women, and we started to have more and more space for women in society.
But we found a new phenomenon for us.
It was ready for human rights and, in particular, for the rights of women.
It's called a control.
That means a whole understanding of the women of women in all the political activities and social and social activity.
hundreds of schools.
The girls were going to go to school.
And the women are forced to use values and stop going to the market.
The music was similarly, the children and the straight streets.
They would take millions -- but a few of them talked about, and it was the approach to have around those people who kill and go up when you talk for their right.
It's really absolutely.
In the age of 10 years, Marine gets up, and it goes through the right to education.
I wrote a day for the Bang of the BBC bank, it was offer her for the New York Times Times, and I talked in every platform that I can.
And his voice was the most powerful voice of it.
It looks like a light around the world.
And that was the reason why you couldn't take her campaign and the nine percent of 2010 of the 2010, they gave up the head in the head.
It was a famous day for my family and for me.
The world became a great black hole in the world.
And while my daughter was sitting between life and death -- I would happen to the heard of my wife -- "I need to go up with what happened to my daughter to your daughter?
And I was often said to me, "Why don't you get you.
It does the cause right now.
You put your life on the cause of the truth -- by the cause of the peace -- and by the cause of education, and your daughter will be inspired in you, and you get you.
They were in the right path and God protected?
These few words they were a lot for me, and I didn't go back again.
When Martin was in the hospital and I had seventh dolphins and stream doctors because his family neuron was cut up, I used to see a dark structure that was spread up by the face of my wife of my wife here.
But my daughter never died.
And I used to say, "I'm well with my blood state and with the environment in my face.
I'm going to get good. Please don't be concerned.
It was a consequence for us, and it turns out.
They wanted beautiful and gentlemen, we have learned from her how to reduce in the most difficult time, and I would be able to share with you that despite it to be a list by the rights of children and women -- it's like any girl of 16 years.
And he was not going to go up with his task.
It goes up with their sister and I'm very happy for that.
People ask me, "What about space in my fear that has done so close to Martin so far -- exploration and economist?
I say, don't ask me what I did.
And let me ask you what I didn't do.
It doesn't cut your white and that's everything.
Thank you very much.
Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.
I went out of the brain about 18 years ago, and from that day, the science science has become a personal passion to me.
I'm an engineering one.
And I want to tell you that I recently have to tell you that I have been a growth to my career, and I have been able to have a disaster to my car, and I had the vision of Google X-ray -- but all the work that I will talk about here about the science of the brain, I did it before I get to Google or outside my
I have said this, there is a state when you get to a brain.
Do you feel like smart or right?
I would not be like that, can you be able to be intelligent?
After the neuron, I had a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It was not the government material -- but it was the private part of the center that creates important and neurons that make important neurons.
And immediately after the operation, I had to decide what to take -- from more than a day of chemical power every day, because if I didn't take anything -- die in a few hours.
Every day, for the last 18 years, I've had to decide about the combination and medical media, and try to get them, to keep life.
More than one time I've been saved by a little bit.
But by the way, I have a strange experience, so I decided that I decided to be able to try to get the last few years because there really doesn't exist a clear map that is going to say it in the destruction.
I started to test with different metaphors, and I was surprised to see how small changes in the doctors changed my authority, my sense of who I was me, my way to think, my behavior with others.
A particular case for a few months, for a few months -- I would put a little bit of the textbooks for a man who was a man, and I was surprised to see how my thinking.
I was always fundamentally, I thought about all the time in sex -- and I thought it was the most smart person around the world, and   -- of course, a lot of times in the past I've met a number of guys like this, or maybe some of the activists in the past.
It turned out as a extraordinary.
But my great surprise was that I was not trying to be a subject.
In fact, I was trying to try and figure out a problem I had in front of it, and it just didn't happen like this.
So I couldn't do it.
I changed my data.
But I think that experience gave me a new approach about men and about what they have to go in, since then I get better with men.
What I was trying to do -- when I was able to do that barriers and neurosciences, and so on, it was to remember my intelligence after the disease and the option, my creative thinking -- my creative thinking.
And I'm going to think about it almost in images -- and that became my point of key responsibility, how do I get those mental images that use to create presentations, my ideas -- if you want to do new ideas and get situations.
This kind of thinking is not new.
Fairstocks like Human, Delishal and House will see things like that.
They thought the images and the mental ideas were the same thing.
Today, there are who this idea, and there are a lot of dollars about how the mind works. For me is simple for most of us, the mental images are fundamental for creative thinking.
So after several years, I got to find the point right now, and I have a lot of great mental movements -- really sustainable, well and so on.
Now, I'm working on how to take very quickly these mental images from my mind to the screen of the computer.
Do you imagine what would happen if a little bit of science was able to use their imagination just to get the world to the world that has the front?
Or if a music could extract the music of your head.
There are incredible possibility with this, as the way that creative people can get to share the speed of light.
And the truth is, the only difference to do this is just to increase the responsibility of our brain systems.
Let me show you why I think we're pretty close to get to this with two recent experiments made by two groups that are going on for two groups.
They used both of them to be able to use the GDP technology, and to represent the brain. So you can see the brain of the brain that was done by Google Galaxy and their colleagues of Harvard.
The collection of the left shows the scale of the brain of a person who looked at a picture.
The middle of the middle shows the scale of the brain of that same individual as you can imagine, looking at that same picture.
The collection of the right is created by the content of the central color of the left -- you see that the difference is almost close.
And this is a lot of different individuals with many different images with a lot of different images -- always with a similar results.
The difference between seeing a picture and imagine to see that same image is almost close.
Now, let me share you another experiment -- this is the lab of James Galaxy in Britain, California.
They were able to turn the brains in the visual visual field in the recording field.
Let's put it in this way.
In this experiment -- it showed people hundreds of hours of YouTube video games as they were their brains to create a great sense of the brain of the brain.
And then you showed you a film with new images -- new animals, new animals, new animals, and while it was a new scale.
The computer -- using only the brain information of the space of the scale that I decided to show that the person was looking at it.
On the right you can see the devices of the computer and the left, the video that you showed you.
This left us back.
We're good about doing it.
We just need to improve the solution.
And now, remember that when you see a picture and when you imagine that same picture, it creates in the brain the same way.
This was taken up with the brain systems of the brain brain systems today, and their relationship is increase as a thousand times in the last few years.
Now we need to increase the relationship about a thousand times more to get a more profound look at it.
How do we do that?
There are a lot of techniques to do it.
One is to open up the believe and you can get electrons.
I don't hear it for that.
Many of them are putting new techniques of project for images -- even me. And I'm going to tell the recent result of the RM: first of us must ask the next thing, this technology will be the end of the box?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get greater relationship is with the larger images -- but at this point, you are more big and the more big pictures just offer small better in the research, not the ones for thousands of as we need to do.
I put this idea, rather than the larger images -- we do better images.
We can create much more complex structures with slightly different galaxies, like making a shark.
And why do we care about that?
In the last few years, a great amount of effort in the U.N. were to make really big generals, right?
And yet, most of the recent articles in terms of income solutions and brilliant solutions in consumption and democracy, in the transitions and depression of the French radio stress in the States of GDP.
At the same time, instead of a massive marketing field -- we use marketing patterns in the freedom of the French Railway.
So by changing the magic patterns with the patterns of the price of the French French processes, we can increase the information that you can spread in a single scale.
Also, we can be able to be able to be able to take our growing knowledge on the structure of the brain and the memory to create the increase in the thousands we need.
And when you use the U.N. that we should be able to measure not just the flow of blood flowers, but the store of the horrible and neurons that I've mentioned and maybe even the national activity -- this is the dream.
We are going to be able to fly our ideas in a way to the digital media.
Do you imagine if we could go through the language of language and communicate it directly by thinking about thinking about thinking about it?
What would we be able to care?
And how do we learn to deal with the truth of human thinking without free?
You thought the Internet is a big thing.
These are big questions.
It would be international to use it as a tool to affect our thinking and communication skills of thinking.
Of course, this same tool could take the course of Alliance and similar disease.
We have a few more choices that will open this door out.
In all ways, they choose a year or 15 or 15 years?
It's hard to imagine that it will take a lot more.
We need to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you this night about coming out of the article, and not in a traditional sense, not just from the golden article.
I think we all have antibiotics.
And his airplane may be to tell some person for the first time or tell somebody who is empathy, or tell somebody who has cancer, or any other difficult conversation that you have ever heard in life.
And everything is a difficult conversation -- and even though our issues can look at it, the experience of having lived and have gone out of that article is a universal thing.
You know, and you don't like it, and it must happen.
A lot of years ago, I worked on the San State Walker College, I was working on the San State Carter Carro Congress, and being there, I had to take a number of factors from the understanding of the military military in the landscape of the landscape of the Arab military, and I would be able to close the letters of the New Department as a list.
And it will be decided that by the top of my career paralyzer, and I have been able to ask the head of the head -- I would ask a little little kid -- I would ask a small child -- like, are you kids or girl?
And it takes a silence in the table.
I would be able to look at me a little bit more, and I would take my coffee with a room of radio.
The father would be increasing the paradigm and the mother would give up a flag looking at his child.
But I would not say anything.
And I came to the point that every time I was going to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years, I was ready to fight it.
And that's a terrible sense.
So I asked me that the next time I would say something.
It would have that difficult conversation.
So after a few weeks, it happened again.
Are you a girl or a girl?
A family silence, but this time I was presented and I was about to get back in the favorite issues in the table --  I had the quote of Berlin French.
So the Global Street Children.
Even a failure of the Goldien movies.
And so I went up and went up and I went up and I went up and I went up and I looked at the flag of four years with a real search, looking at what is not a challenge for a favorite slide, just a little girl with a question: Are you girl or girl?
And so I would be able to go back again again, I put out of it, and I said, "Hey, I know that this is kind of confident.
I have the short car like a girl -- and I saw a girl -- but I am a girl -- and you know, like you like to use a red seat, and sometimes you like to use a career leg.
Well, I am more than a little bit of a car light.
And that little girl looked at me, and he looked at it, and he said, "My favorite landscape is violence and it has a fish.
Can you give me a paradigm, by favorite?
And that was all about it.
What about the painting that I discover?
It was the very easy conversation of everyone that has ever ever had.
And Why? Because the girl of the passion and I, both of us were honest with the other.
So as many of us, I've lived in some articles in my life, and yes, my walls used to be a card.
But within the dark, you can't know what color is the wall.
You just know how one is feeling living in a short.
This is how my artist is not different to you or the you.
And I'm going to give you 100 reasons why I will go out of my artist was more difficult to go out of it, but this is the state, but this is the thing, the hard thing is not relative.
The hard thing is hard.
Who can say to explain somebody who has been disappeared in the way that have been disappeared to say that it has been made up of making it?
Who can say that this story that I think is more difficult to say to your five years that are going to distribute?
There is no more difficult -- there is only the hard.
We need to let sure what is difficult to what is difficult to the other person in order to make us feel better or worse in relationship to our articles, and we have only to make sure because we all live something hard.
At some point in our lives, we all live in artists, and you can make sure that they will feel security or at least more security than what the other side of the door is.
But I'm here to tell you that it doesn't matter what their wall.
Thank you.  Imagine themselves 20 years ago.
And I had a piece of car, and I had a sea and short steps.
It was not the military line to fight against any four years that I would go into the car.
I was fascinated by the fear of the fear of my dark article by getting my grandmother grateful, and it will move only a male is the most likely thing that I ever ever done.
My family, my friends, my friends who I've spent my life in my entire life trying to not tell you, and now the world was going back to property.
I was looking at the pages of a guy that we've all followed for so much time, but if you don't leave that big, you will kill you.
And one of my most likely graphic grades was in the back of my sister back.
It was the first time that many of them were the first time you knew that it was goal, and when I do my dance doctors in my own black and antibiotics -- I walked around the table, and I finally came to one where the friends of my parents, people who met me doing years.
And after talking about a moment, one of the women would go to Nata Lander."
And the base of the global religion had started it.
(Audience: Have you ever been in the Carol?
"Well, yeah, the truth is that we have friends in San Francisco."
"Well, we've never gone there, but we've heard that it's fascinating."
"Straight, you know my state Art."
It's very good and has never talked about having a neighborhood."
"Hey, what is your favorite TV program.
Our favorite program.
And you know who we love -- Japan.
Japan is our favorite?
And then a woman, destroyed, but in hope to show his support -- to make me know that I was from my side, finally he said, "Well, sometimes my wife uses really richer cars.
And I had an opportunity at that time, as they have all of the grandmasters of gravity.
It might be easy to have been easy to figure out where they were sitting on.
It's not very difficult to find and realize the fact that they were straightforward.
And what else can you ask somebody to ask someone but explore?
If you are going to be active with somebody -- you have to be prepared for the automatic thing you get on.
It's like the hard conditions continue to be my strong point.
They ask anyone that I have gone out.
But I am better, and I guess what I like to call the three principles of the Galaxy of the Paris.
Now, please look at this through the galaxy perspective, but they understand that what you can get out of any article is essentially the same thing.
Number one, they will be automatic.
And it turns out the antibiotics. They're yourself.
That little girl in the car had no ancestor, but I was ready for the battery.
If you want someone to be genetic -- the others must know that we are going on.
Number two, they are going to just give them a look at them.
If you know they are goal, you do it.
If you say to their parents that maybe they could be going on, they will keep the hope that that could change.
They don't give them a sense of hope.
And number three, and more important --  leave the complex.
You communicate their truth.
Japan is discovered by that.
And some of you can go out and get out of what they have done, but they never go up with what they are.
And yes, maybe some of you will feel defined, but that's something in them, not in you.
Those are the experts of them about what you are, but not your own own.
That's the story of them, but not of you.
The only story that matters is that you want to write it.
So the next time you find in an amazing dark by getting a great, you must know that we all have been there before.
And you may feel very alone, but they are not.
Thank you, Boston. They disappear the vision.
Interestingly, what is that?
If you look at the story of how the intelligence has been seen -- an example has been the famous quote of Leonardo Discover that "The question of if a machine can think is as interesting as the question of if a surgeon can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able
When I was able to write this that did it as a crisis.
And so a few years ago, I started a program to try to understand the physical physical drugs of intelligence.
Let's take a step back on.
We first start with a mental experiment.
Imagine that they are from an open race -- that you don't know anything from the Earth of the Earth or the University of the Earth, but they have incredible telescopes, and you can look at the Earth and you can look at the Earth, and they have incredibly long lives -- so you can look at the Earth for millions of years.
And you see a very strange effect here.
Of course, as terrorists, we know that the reason is that we are trying to save ourselves.
We are trying to avoid an impact of it.
But if you are an amazing race that doesn't know anything about this, which doesn't have any concept about the Earth of the Earth -- you would be able to develop a physical theory that will explain how to a certain moment that we can explain in the time in the time, the adults that make the surface of a planet of a planet just stop doing it.
And so I hope that this is the same question that you can understand the physical nature of intelligence.
So in this program that he took a number of years ago, I took a variety of issues through science, through a number of distributions that were going on, I think, to a single health mechanism of intelligence.
In collective, for example, there has been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be finally associated for the development of intelligence -- and, in particular, for the development of the universal state that makes the diversity of future possible.
And finally, in the rock politics, there has been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to apply the skills of robots to kill the future of the robots of action with the end of making complex tasks.
And so, by taking all these different issues and put them together, I said, from a number of years ago -- is there a substantial mechanism for the intelligence that we could take out of all of these different tests?
Is there just a team for intelligence?
And I think the answer is yes. What you're looking at is probably the most close equivalent to one and a little bit of the intelligence that I have seen here.
So what you're looking at here is a strategy that intelligence is a force -- Ford, that act with the end of married the future of action.
act to improve the future freedom of action -- or to keep the open choices with a force -- with the diversity of possible future possible, Yeah, to a future time -- too.
In a few words, the intelligence doesn't like to stay at all.
The intelligence is trying to improve the future freedom of action and keep the open choices to do.
And so, having in the middle of this, it's natural to ask, what can you do with this?
What is it so predict is it?
It does the level of human intelligence level level.
It does the artistic intelligence product?
So I'm going to show you now a video that I think, to show some of the amazing aspects of this simple equation.
Narrator: Do you get researchers in cost have suggest that the universe that the universe they produce more democracy, or "the "stuff, for their life should have the most favorite conditions for the existence of smart beings like us.
But what is that if that political collective connection between the energy and the intelligence is a more deep relationship to the international.
What if the smart behavior is not only running up with the productivity of the long play, but that actually comes directly from it?
In order to figure out, we have developed a software of software called English, designed to improve the production of the long power in any system that you find inside it.
So surprisingly, I could be able to spend multiple animals of animal intelligence -- and they can even play money, and even to get money by getting actions, all of them without that would have been inspired to do that.
Here are some examples of International in action.
And just like a piece of fish without continuing, here we see the American to be able to be able to be able to use a paralyzer.
This behavior is remarkable in part because we never gave it to Internet a table.
I just decided for her mind to get the power.
And this ability to have access to the human robot and human approach.
This ability of use of tools will have applications in the smart manufacturer and the force.
Also, as some other animals can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to end up the food of the same time to fight the food here, here we see that English can make a version of the model of that task.
This ability of compassion has interesting consequences for economic plastic and in a variety of other field.
And it is absolutely applicated to a variety of doctors.
So for example, here we see it supermarkets playing a game game against itself, including their potential for the game.
So here we see that we see to explore new connections in a social network where the friends are connected together and keep with success the real website.
This same ability of network of network also has access in the health of health and intelligence and intelligence and intelligence in energy.
So here we see that we are going to be able to try to try to organize the rooms of a barrier flower, and you get a success and using the Pacific Canada to add the global level of the Art to the Paris.
And in the same way, it is absolutely available to problems in the article of autonomous, light and transportation.
And finally, here we see the American state to find out how to discover and pick up a strategy of company, vision in a similar series of action of action -- except to increase the activities under their own experimental.
This piece of risk of risk is going to have applications in end and security statements.
Alexander Worlds, what you've seen is that a variety of human behavior of human companies as the use of tools -- walk engineers and social complexity and social cognitive -- all of you have a single equipment, which leads to a system to kill their future of action.
Now, here is a deep pressure.
Let's go back to the beginning of the use of the robot -- the Bang Tricky, there was always the concept that if we develop smart machines -- there would be a cell responsibility.
The machines are going on against us.
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all of these decades, we've had all the concept of the brain science to the investment.
It's not that the machines first become smart and then they try to get the world.
It's all the opposite -- that the ability to take the control of all possible future is a more fundamental principles than the intelligence of intelligence -- that the general intelligence can actually be able to get the control of the control instead of being the content.
Another important connection is the search of the goal.
They often ask me, how do you look for the goal of this kind of manufacturer?
My equivalent to that democracy to help us build artificial intelligence or to help us understand human intelligence -- is the next one, the intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tried to make a physical future that tried to make the future of action and avoid the reaction in their own future.
Thank you very much.
We're in a point of influence in human history, something between the control of stars and lose the planet we call home.
Now, in the last few years, we have spent a lot of our knowledge of how the Earth is in the context of the universe.
The mission after NASA has discovered thousands of planets that provide around other stars.
Kenya is a space telescope that means the strange understanding of the stars when the planets go out of them, and they have a little bit of that light that makes us.
And the data recognized by Kenya shows the size of the planets as well as there are between them and their mother star state.
Instead, this helps us understand if these planets are small and robots like the terrible planets of our solar system, and also the amount of light that they get from their sun.
At the time, this gives you about if these planets that we find are headlines or not.
Unfortunately, as we are finding this theory of possible world, our own planet is coming down under the weight of humanity.
The year year was the most close record.
Grandmas and straight ice that have been with us from a few miles now are going on in a matter of decades now.
These environmental changes that we have made the global scale of the global scale.
But I am not a science of the climate -- no addition.
But I study the ability of the planet in stars -- with the hope to find places in the universe where to find life beyond our planet.
You could tell you that I was looking for extraordinary opportunities in the concerned sector in the consumer sector in the consumer sector of the consumer sector in the consumer sector in the consumer sector in the consumer sector of the consumer sector in the consumer sector in the consumer sector of the consumer sector in the consumer sector in the consumer sector in the consumer sector in the consumer
Now, as someone really interested in the search of life in the universe I can tell you that the more you look for similar planets to the Earth -- more than our own planet.
Each of these new worlds invited a compassion between the planet, and the planets that we know better, the other solar system.
Let's take our neighborhood, Mars Mars.
Mars is small and close and despite being a little bit more from the sun -- it can consider a whole whole world in the subject of this for a mission like Kenya.
In fact, it is possible that Mars has been held in the past and in part of this is why we study so much to Mars.
Our brains like the "Delivery, and they are looking at their surface in search of life of life as we know it.
The savings that the organization, like the Michael Minister, they take shows of the market atmosphere -- and they try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their advertising.
The private companies are now going to be not just a little bit of the special visions, but also the possibility of living in Mars.
But even though all of these favorite images are remind us to the destructions of our planet -- places that are visible in our imagine with the blood ideas and positives, in compassion with the Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live in.
We take the outside of the destructive areas of our planet that are still going to be able to control, really strong places in compassion with Mars.
Even in the most successful places and more excited from the Earth the Earth is free and recording of oxygen by our traditional forest for thousands of miles of distribution.
And I worry that this excited by the colleague of Mars and other blue planets I get a great and other planets straight, the impact and the believe of some of the things that Mars would expect to save out of this influence of the only planet that we know is really healthy, the Earth.
For a lot of that I like to do the international experience -- I'm in deep desperation with this idea.
There are a lot of good reasons to go to Mars -- but to say that Mars will be there to save humanity is how to imagine that the career of the Earth is going to tell us that the reality of truth will have a place later in the saving boats.   Thank you.
But the goal for the international experience and the terrible pressure don't get away.
No, it's actually face of the same monkey, the goal of understanding and to improve the life in the future.
And the extreme environment in our world is going to be a strange paintings.
You just find more about home.
If we can understand how to create and keep healthy spaces -- in the horizontal areas of the Earth, maybe we can save the need to protect our environment and go beyond that.
I leave you with a mental experiment.
A lot of years ago, the National Francisco physics said, having a question that our universe has gone from a long time ago, and we hope that there are many planets in this universe, we should have found evidence of the outside life of extraordinary life to now.
Well, where are you?
Well, a possible solution to the Facebook parallel is that when scientists become enough enough enough to be able to continue to live between the stars -- they lose the notion of the important thing that is to protect the order of the planets that they put up this development.
It is hard to think that only the international conversation will save us out of ourselves, but the blue pressure and the international experience can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to be able to start to the hours of Mars for the human pressure for the human pressure -- then we should be able to get the most easy rate to provide the ability on Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I took my own home.
And while I was in the legal party looking at my boats, I realized that I didn't have the key things.
In fact, I could see the window that were at the table of the model, where they had them.
And so quickly I tried to open all the other door and search, and all of them were all right.
I thought I was going to call a card, at least I had my cell -- but at the time, a card could take a lot of time to get a lot of time to get up, and I was made of foreign.
I could not go home from my friend of Japan to spend night because I had an early sea to the next morning to the next morning, and I went from my passion and my ball.
And it would be right, but I sure it's not more expensive than a car at night at night, so I thought, that I would despite the circumstances, it came up with the course of control.
I'm a bit of teacher and I know a little bit about how the brain works.
And I read that it goes up with the heart room, moving the levels of antibiotics and the thinking.
And when I got to the face of failure in the airplane, I realized I didn't have my passion.
Well, I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without a disappearing.
And I began to ask you, if there was something that I could do, systems that I could put in his place, that you can put out bad things.
Or at least if you happen bad things that make the chance that it is a total corruption.
So I started thinking about that, but to a month after my thinking of my thinking of them.
I was running with my colleagues David Katie, and a little bit of the North Project -- and a little bit of the National Project I told you that I took the sea, and that I had found my passion, and David shared with me that I had been paying something called a personal replacement.
It's something that he had learned from the Park Kate Park, who had written about this a few years before, known as the presentation.
You all know what the political is.
Every time there is a distribution, a team of experts come and try to figure out what I came out, right?
In the pressure, as a Darwin explain and try to figure out all the things that could go out wrong -- to control, try to figure out what it can do to avoid that things are going on or to measure the day.
So what I want to talk to you is some of the things that we can do in the form of a prison.
Some of them are sounds, others are not so excited of.
I'm going to start with the obvious people.
In the house, you will get a place for the things that are going on.
This sounds like a common sense and it is, but there's a lot of science that support this team, based on how our special memory works.
There is a structure in the brain called history, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a sense of the audience of important things -- where the fish is -- where the fish are the fish -- which is the fish of the French trees -- where they live the friends and engineers.
The high thing is the part of the brain that went into the tasks of London, in the London.
This is the part of the brain that allows them to find their neighborhoods.
And if you ask you if someone really did the experiment -- they cut the sensory sense of the cars and even so they could find their neighborhoods.
They didn't use the shark, but the horizon, that very evolution of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move too much, not so good for things that are moving a lot.
This is the reason to lose cars of the car and paradigm and passions.
So in home you have a place for the librarians, a game along the door -- maybe a demand disaster.
So for his passion, a particular box in particular ...
For their recording cards, a particular market.
If you pick up a place and they are written with that their things will always be there when you look for.
What about the works?
They take a picture of a picture of their crime bars, limited to control, passionate to control themselves to themselves so that they are in the cloud.
So if these things are lose or the really, this can be familiar by the sustainability.
These are some of the most obvious things.
They remember, when it's under stress -- the brain brain.
The cost is technical and the thinking.
So part of the main practice is to recognize that under studies we're not going to be in the best moment, and you have to put the systems in their own system.
And there are perhaps not more amazing situation that when you face a medical decision.
And at some point, we're all going to be in that situation -- to have to take a very important decision about the future of our medical attention or the one of a being wanted to help them with a decision to it.
And so I want to talk about that.
And I'm going to talk about a very particular audience.
But this looks like a protection for all of the medical decisions -- and in fact, for the takes of financial decisions and social decisions -- any kind of decision that you have to take that you will be able to get a radical environment of the fact.
So let's guess you go to the doctor and the doctor says, "I have got the result of the lab and the cell is a little bit high."
They all know that the high cell is associated with a greater risk of collaborative diseases -- they add to the heart of the heart distribution to the heart of the heart distribution.
So one is thinking that having the high cell is not the best thing, then the doctor says, "I would like to recognize a drug that will help you reduce the colleague, a strategy."
And maybe you have heard about the states, and you know that it's one of the most recent drugs in the world today.
This is what you think, "Yes, I remember the strategy?
But there is a question that you have to do then, a study that has to be asked for the most doctors don't want to talk to you, and the common companies even less.
It's for NASA, the number needs to treat it.
And what is this, the NASA."
It's the number of people who have to take a drug or straight to a surgery in any medical process before they help a person.
And should you think about what kind of studies are that?
The number must be one.
My doctor doesn't give me something if it wasn't going to help me.
But actually, the medical practice doesn't work like this.
And it's not a doctor of the doctor -- and if it comes to someone -- it's about scientists like me.
We have not understood very well the universal drugs here.
But the states of King that 90 percent of the drugs works only 30 percent of the people.
So the number needs to try to try to try to be the most quickly recovery, what do you think that's it?
How many people have to take it before they help one person help a person to help you.
300 dollars.
And this is the research of the cell researchers John Grand and Paris Harvard, constructed in the business of Bush.
And I would explain the numbers.
300 people have to take the medicine.
Now maybe you think, "Well, one chance in 300 to go down my colleague.
Why don't you do it?
But then you have to ask for a more, and it is, "Hey of the scales of scales, right?
For this particular medicine, the side effects are produced in five percent of the patients.
And those include things that are terrible things, biological pain and article, but now you think about it, but now you think, "The five percent is not very likely to go to me, still to take the medicine?
But a moment.
They remember that under studies don't think of climate.
So you think about how you take this with the time, so they don't have to make the quality of relationship in the car.
300 people take the favorite, right? A person has helped him -- five percent of the 300 percent of the 300 of them have side effects -- that is 15 people.
You have 15 times more likely to go up with the factory that they help you the medicine.
I don't say they were or not going to take the state.
I just say you have to have this conversation with your doctor with it.
The medical rate requires it -- it's part of the beginning of the information of information.
We have right to have access to this kind of information to create the conversation about if you want to take the risks or not.
Maybe you're thinking that I've launched this number in the air of the room, but actually this number needs to try to be a pretty typical thing.
For the surgery that most of them are actually done in the most than 50 percent of the programming for cancer, the number needs to try to try to be 48.
This is what it is to do for a person for a person who has helped it.
And the side effects in that case, they produce in 50 percent of the patients.
And those including the impact or distribution of extraordinary, and the unit -- the unit of reduction, the factory in the face.
And if you have surface and it's one of that 50 percent of the effects only will give a year or two.
So the idea of the presentation is to think about the questions that you can make sure that you can put the conversation down.
You don't have to make all this in the car.
And they also want to think about the quality of life.
Because you have a many times a lot of times, you want a more short life of pain -- or a more long life that could have a lot of pain to the end of the end.
These are the things that they talk about and think about now, with their family and their own.
They can change in the heart of the moment, but at least one is trained in this kind of thinking.
They remember, our brain free credit under this, and one of the things that happens at that time is that they get a lot of systems.
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
And I was going to face with a democracy, and it doesn't need the digital system, or the straight system, because if the body is spending the military in those things, it doesn't make a recent profit, they could get the line of the legs, so none of that matter.
Unfortunately, one of the things that are going through the window for those moments of stress is the political thinking of the legal thinking -- like David Katie and his colleagues have shown you.
So we have to try to think about the future to this kind of situation.
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we are all democracy.
We are all going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get in time.
The idea is to think about the future how they could be those films, to put the systems in the place that will help us to make the data, or to avoid that bad things are going on in the first place.
And I went back to the night at night, when I came back from my journey -- when I came back from my journey -- my control is a combination of combination along the door -- with a little bit of the death door in the same -- a easy way to remember it.
And I have to guess that I still have a lot of cars that I have not heard of -- and most of the core messages that I haven't read before.
So I'm not very proud -- but I see the organization as a big process, and I'm doing it.
Thank you very much.
Instead, Peter, this is my favorite music system.
It means how to make supermarket.
If you're taking a music instrument and you see a "design, you need to get more supermarkets.
Two poor, even more supermarket.
So four poor, extremely surrounded.
This is my draw of a street tree -- there you see how many thousands and thousands of "Day, you can have never come to a simulation company.
That is my definition of silence, a very dark sound.
I'd like to share a little bit about the history of the American system of the American system, the U.S. -- also a little bit of my own story.
The freedom of the French sector came over for the 1990s, and with the step of the time, you get up with local secrets, and it developed the language that we know today like Alexander.
So it has a story of about 200 years.
I was born sounds -- and they taught me that sound was not a part of my life.
And I thought it was true.
However, I realize it's not true for anything.
The sounds are a very important part of my life, they're really in my mind every day.
As a single person who lives in a world of sound -- it's like I live in a foreign country -- survival their rules -- comparison, behavior and normal businesses and non-powered business.
So how do you understand the sound using?
Well, I see how people share and respond to the sound.
People are like my articles and address the sound.
And learning and changed that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sounds -- and I've seen how people respond to it.
So I've learned -- for example.
"You don't hear the door."
"You don't do a lot of noise at the end of the passion of the father of the father of the father party.
"I don't thank you, and when you're eating it, it will make sure not to add the colleagues in the plan?
This is all called Sunday State."
Maybe I think about the sound of sound more than the average person do.
I'm just a vision of sound.
And I'm always waiting with neurosciences the sound -- which is to come to control.
From there, this drawing.
TED, to decide to do.
TED, to continue on.
TED, for analyzing.
You can see that the peace doesn't have news in the line.
That's because the lines are already still sound through the sounds and markets.
In the current culture, the movement.
This is the signal for "The Person.
A typical perspective has five line.
However, for me, to do it with my planet that doesn't feel nature.
This is why in my hands just have four lines in the paper.
In 2008, I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin, Germany, for an artificial reaction there.
Before this time, I had worked as a picture.
And during this summer, I came up with a lot of lots and lots of different groups, and while I was a place to the other, I realized that there was no visual art there.
At that time, the sound was the trend and that called me the attention.
There was no visual art.
Now the sound has come into my face of art.
Is it going to get more than art?
I realized that it doesn't have to be like this.
In fact, I know the sound.
I know it so well that it doesn't just experience through the eyes.
I can feel it in a terrible way, or to experience it just as an idea.
So I decided to recognize the sound of sound and interact it in my art.
And everything that had taught me in how much of sound -- I decided to leave it and deal with it.
I started to create a new work.
And when I put it to the artificial community, I was involved with the amount of support and attention that I got on.
I realized that sound is like the money, the power -- the control, the control of society.
In the bottom of my mind, I always felt that the sound was right -- it was some of a personal person.
And the sound is so powerful that I might be able to get to me and my artificial work, or I could get it.
I got to get it out.
There is a massive culture in the entire language.
And just because I don't use my light voice to communicate -- the eyes of society is as if I didn't have a voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can support me as well as they can just become my voice as well.
And so I'm able to be able to be responsible in current society.
So in school, in the work and institutions -- I work with a lot of different interviews of Alexander.
And his voice becomes my voice and identity.
They help me be listen to me.
And their voices have value and store.
Imagine, when you ask their voices -- I'm able to keep a terrible form of value -- something like taking a pressure with a very high interaction of a very high interaction.
If you wouldn't go with this process, I feel that it could be done in the forget and not having any kind of social value.
So with the sound as my new art means in the world of music.
And I was surprised by looking at the similar between music and the MRI.
For example, a music noticed you can't be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
And the same thing can say from a concept in Alexander.
The two are very special and highly excited to be able to be able to be able to affect all the meaning so much of the signals like the sounds of the sound.
I would like to share a metaphor of the picture, so they understand better how the Australia works.
So imagine a piece.
The U.S. is given in a lot of different farmers in a lot of different.
If you add a different role for each of us as you get the picture, as the experimental experience, the movement of the body -- the speed, the way in the body and so on and so on and so on and so on and so on, the English is a legal language -- as if it would be just a legacy at the time.
However, the U.S. is more like a reason, you need the 10 dollars in the same way to express a clear concept or idea in Alexander.
If you just can change the access, it would create a completely different meaning of it.
And the same thing with the music in how much to touch -- the size and you go.
In AIDS, when you use these different farmers -- you can express different ideas.
For example, the signature save in that?
This is the satellite service in that?
I'm looking at you.
Look at the left.
Oh, I was told me.
You know you.
What are you looking like?
Oh, base?
So I went to think, and if I look at the U.S. through the markets of the music?
If I had to create a sign and it would take it over and over again, it could be as a piece of visual music.
So for example, this is the next day, the sun goes out and put it up.
This is all the day.
If you do it and reduce the speed and you see it as a musical piece of it.
All day.
I feel that the same thing can say about "The night.
All night night.
This is all night, in this decade.
And this led me to think about about three different types of night -- "Allen "Delight, "The night?
I feel that the third has more music than the other two.
And this represents how the time in Alexander and how the distance of the body can express the changes in time.
For example, it's a hand -- it's a hand -- two hours -- is two hands, the present is more close and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body and the past is in the space.
So the first example is a long time.
Then "I was called, "All of the face, and the last one, which is my favorite -- with a very traditional idea and directly disappearing at the time, "I had once once once again.
"I start comparison, it's a musical term with a specific record of four times per company.
However, when I see the word "few company, I think about the same time.
You see MIT, you know, right hand right hand right hand.
We have the peace through the head and the fish.
(Audience: Doctor, Galaxy Charles, "The Pennsylvankard, Man: Mary Park, I'm going to show you a form of the hand called "The "Strains, "The "Goodbye?
Can you do it with me?
All of us in high hands.
Now we're going to do it so much in the head as the fish -- something like "The "Straight, or the same time.
Yeah, very well.
That means to be to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able
The international system, as a note, is a visual tool to help us communicate in all of the culture and the resources of signs around the world.
The second thing I'd like to show you is this one. Please do it with me again.
And now this.
It means "complexity?
Now, the third one. Please move again.
And again.
It's "The "The American in the Amazon.
We're going to do the three together.
"Let's say, "County?
All right.
You see how the three seconds are very similar -- they all happen in the head and the fish -- but they make it very different.
It's amazing to see how the U.S. is living and pressure, as the music.
However, we live in a very underlying world.
And just because it's no longer sounds -- it doesn't have social value.
We have to start to figure out what the social value and allow us to do is to allow us to develop their own value without sound.
And this could be a step to make a more unusual society.
And maybe people understand that you don't have to be used to learn Amazon.
The U.S. is a teacher and I'd like to have the same experience.
I'd like to invite you to open your eyes, open the eyes, to participate in our culture and experience of our visual language.
And you never know, you can get up to us.
Thank you.
Delish Kenya, Hawaii, that's me.
As a child, my parents told me, "You can use it all, but then you have to call it.
And the freedom is responsible for it.
But my imagination took me to all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
And so I grew up in a piece of income or a piece of impact I have to say, because the adults are going to protect us to protect them from the real truth.
And when you make them bigger -- I found out that adults are also involved and that they're not very good to clean the others.
The last time, I now am an adult and I teach a city and research in the University of Harvard Korea.
You don't have to wait for a lot for my students to walk on the back of the barrier with the back of battle.
So as good citizens -- we clean on the backs, and no, it's not getting all the career, and if it is, I didn't know.
This is a translation to say, but now more than 80 percent of the oceans are going to be politically.
It's kind of special.
And in the last few decades, we've been coming out with these big blue and networks to recognize those plastic pieces of plastic to study them under the microscope, and we cut them up and we collect this information in a map in a map.
But I was going to give a strange and it is very expensive and it's also very expensive to use those huge forests.
So along with my students -- with age about six to 15 years, we are with a better way.
We have transform our tiny doctor in Harvard Korea in a stage.
We started building this way of work with the alternative job so that children really can also participate as well.
And I'm going to tell you, the kids that make electric tools feel great and safe tools.
Not exactly it.
Let's go back to the plan.
We recognize the plastic and we get it back to the size that we found it in the ocean -- which is very small, because of their favorite.
That we do.
I leave it to the image of my students for me.
My work is to try to take the best ideas from every child and try to connect them in something that we hope it works.
And we decided that instead of getting plastic balls, we just get information.
And by the use of a robot -- we took a picture of this planet, the kids are excited a lot with the robot.
And then we think about what we call a prototype.
We are so fast in the creation of protein that we ended up before.
And then we turn together and we put it up in a fundamental robot that will move literally by the water and by the plastic that we have there, and this is the image of the robot.
So we see the plastic pieces of plastic coming down literally through the sense while the computer of the boat is going to protect this picture and measure the size of every particular particles to get a state of the amount of plastic in the water.
Let's tell this invention in a website in a website for researchers called "The "Designers, with the hope that somebody best even more.
The great thing about this project is that students saw a local problem, and I said, are trying to solve it from implication.
I can get my local problem, but my students in Harvard Korea are very well kids very well.
You see the news, you get the Internet, the Internet, and they made this picture.
A kid, maybe less than 10 years old, by taking a piece of oil.
They were very surprised because this is the water that you know, is the water in which they are, the water where they are, the water where they live.
You can see that the water is man, the bar and the oil are also about color and when all of them make it, it's very hard to see what there is in the water.
But there is a simple technology called explorer, which allows you to look at what's in the water.
We built a very first project of a space that can take through all kinds of systems that produce different species, which can help us identify what there is in the water.
We have this project with a sense, and we put it to Bangalore.
And the great thing about this project is that beyond a local problem, or to get a local problem, my students used their employee and their sense of creativity to help other children.
I can get a problem to distribution to disaster -- I was forced to make a second experiment -- and I wanted to go a little bit further -- maybe I will get a more difficult problem, and also more close to me.
I am half a mile and half of them and maybe remember, that in 2010, there was a developed temperature in Japan in it.
It was so valuable that you have a number of giant guys, called texts, and those techniques were going to have a number of cities in the cost of the cost of Japan this.
More than 14 people died in a strong.
It also gives us the nuclear energy plant of French, a nuclear center on the water.
And today, in the ways an average of 300 tons are still fighting out of the nuclear plant in the Paris Ocean.
Today, all of the West Parks has a control of control for 1960.
If we go to the shark cost -- we can measure the radio of France everywhere.
But if you look at the map in the map it seems like most of the relationship came out of the blood cost of the blood cost -- and most of the time, it has a safe thing -- it's blue to it.
Well, the reality is a little more complicated than that.
I've come back to Foundation every year from the car and research in a way in the other scientists -- the land -- the land -- and this time we wanted to take the children.
Of course we don't get them, the parents don't allow them.
But every night we information the control center here -- you see the use of different manufacturers.
It might seem like they didn't take the work, but they were doing it because they are going to have to live with the recording all their life.
And so along with them we have the data that we did that day and we talk about what we were going to do later, the strategies, the entrepreneur, etc.
And to do this, we created a massive map of the region around the nuclear power of nuclear energy.
We created the computer map -- we were able to make pieces to represent data in real time in real time, and we run water to be the library.
With this we were able to notice that the blood police is free from the top of the mountain to the right system and they were going on in the ocean.
It was a statistically applicated thing.
But with based on this we organize a civil experience, the most close to the nuclear center to the horse.
We went up to a hundred miles of the nuclear center -- and with the help of the area of the area we were collect from the market security with a sense of feeling as we invented and we built us.
Here we see a programming, we've gone from a local problem to a red problem to a global problem.
And it's been very exciting to work in these different scale, also with open code technologies and very simple.
But at the same time, it's been more and more Africa because we've only been starting to measure the data that we've done.
We haven't even started trying to solve the problems.
I wonder if we should give the room and try to get better ways to do all these things.
So the light became a little bit small at the time, we found an industrial industry in Harvard Korea and we turn it into the largest space to the social and environmental impact.
It is in the center of Higgs Korea, and it's a place where we can work with money, metaphor, a little bit of biology -- a little bit of biology -- basically you can build almost all over there.
It's also a place where adults and children can play together.
It's a place where the dreams of children can actually become the help of adults and where adults can be children again.
students -- antibiotics, antibiotics.
So the Hollywood Harvard, we asked things like, can we invent the future of the movement with responsibility.
For example.
Or well, can we help in the movie of the age of the age of high age to transform their sectors in new electrons in new electrons of electronics.
The plastic -- the oil and the report are terrible legality, but the worst law that we can leave our kids are the mentors.
We can't allow us to protect the kids in the real home because we need their imagination to invent the solutions to invent the solutions to it.
So scientists -- creativity, consumers, we need to predict the next generation to be worried about the environment and people, and so it can actually do something about it.
Thank you.
Two people, two centers of real design.
One is made of thousands of pieces of access -- the other one of a silence silence.
One of them is simulation, the other organic one.
One is impact about the environment, the other thing creates it.
One is designed by nature, the other one for it.
Microsoft Marine said that when he looked at the market in barrier, I saw a film that I fight to be free for me.
The five was just a single manufacturing tool of Microsoft.
But the living beings are not careful.
They grow up.
And in the smaller units of life, the cells -- we took all of the information that I did by every cell to work and to replace.
The tools also have consequences too.
At least from the industrial revolution -- the design world has been given by the rates of the market and production in mass of it.
The moral lines have given a world made by a world made by the beginning of designers and artists in order to think of their objects such as anti-portions of different parts with different works.
But you don't find any human materials in nature.
Think about human skin for example.
Our favorite legs are disappearing with people disappearing.
The legs of the street are more serious with small planets.
You spend it very quickly as a flower, the other probably like barrier, and yet it's the same skin -- there are no parts -- there are no short.
This is a system that would come up with their function by the variation of the little character.
Here is a digital screen that represents my view of the world, the disability of every design and architecture to work in the top of the field and the gene -- between the machine and the genome, between the anti-profit and the growth and the growth.
These two viruses in the world, my left head and the right and the right and the right -- it shows up in the two screen after me.
My work, in his most simple level, trying to build these two viruses in the world, coming out of the supply and going into the growth.
You probably ask, why now?
Why was it not possible this 10 or even five years ago.
We live in a very special moment in history -- a straight moment, where they cut four dollars that give up access to the tools that we had never had access to before.
And in the interaction of these four fields -- my team and I think.
Please know the minds and the hands of my students.
We designed objects and tools and tools and tools and tools and tools and tools and tools and tools and tools through the scale of 22 feet a day that some of the days that some day is not very far to make the entire buildings -- and thank you in the number of people who are made by genetic magic manufacturers that are going to bring in the dark
So here we've come up with the career, an architecture of the old Arab architecture -- and it has created a screen where every single thing is in top of the light to measure the form of light and the heat through it.
In our next project -- we explore the possibility to create a car and a factor. This was for a man in the middle of Paris with Iran God -- it's like a second skin made from a single piece made by a single piece of paintings, flatter around the center.
And so along with a 3D profit of 3D impression, we set up this layer and fluid three of us with the cells. I'll show you more objects like that.
And this care is made by the common materials and white materials in the resource of 20 minutes.
This is the relationship of a human head.
It is also the relationship of a CEO Chinese.
That the designers have access to this high rate of high research, and to the mental institutions allow us to design products that are not just the form of our body, but also the physical structure of our teachers.
We've also designed an active chair -- a chair to the structure of the structure, and it is also going to make sound as well.
The Carolina Protest, my collaboration, we went back to nature, and when you design this pattern of surgeon surface, it becomes sound.
So we started this surface of 40 different properties, which are going to come in and collaboration and color and collaboration and collaboration on the human body.
His surface -- as in nature -- it would take their function not through the adult of another material or another antibiotic, but it is going to look at it as well as the material of the materials of it.
But is it the ideal natural nature.
There are no parts in nature.
I didn't believe in a home heating home -- but when I was young -- my grandmother told me stories of the Bill British, and one of them came to me and he came to be a lot of what matters to me.
As she related to her, "The third day of the creation -- God goes to the Earth to grow a freedom of frustration.
So for that first French tree -- there would be no difference between transition, brothers, boys and farms.
All the tree was a factory.
In change, the land made up trees with brothers, correct, stars and flowers.
The land created a world made by parts of it.
I often ask me, "What would it be the design if the objects were made from one piece of piece?
Let's go back to a better state of creation?
So we look for that the white material -- the kind of material of the French tree with fruits, and we found it.
The second one of the most exciting thing in the planet is called democracy, and about 100 million tons are produced every year by organisms as cards, charges, charges and markets.
We think that if we were able to save their own properties, we could generate a whole piece in one piece in one way.
So that's what we did.
We call it light marketing.  We asked a lot of faces to walk up, and we put them up and we put it out of a career.
By looking at the chemical conditions -- we've been able to get a strange range of protections, from dark and open -- the light and the light.
To imagine the structure of a great scale -- it built a system with a whole bunch of dollars that are called completely controlled building.
The robot could look at the properties of the material on the market and create these structures made from a single 3D material -- 100 percent.
When the pieces are ready -- you let them stop to find a natural form in the air.
So why do we keep designing with plastic?
The air conditions that were a surgery of the process of impact that they were used to control pictures that came up with the first time in the planet about three billion years ago, as we heard there.
So along with our colleagues in Harvard and MIT -- we have to get the bacteria designed to be able to be able to change the size of the atmosphere and turn it back into it.
For the first time, we've been able to generate structures that do their transition without the profit of vision to military, and if you move even more, you see them.
It's a freedom of fruit card.
working with an ancient material -- one of the first forms of life in the planet, with a bit of water and with a little bit of simple biology -- we've brought a structure made in an architecture made in an architecture that became a tree.
And here is the best part -- for objects for brown designers, put them in the sea -- they will get the marketing life, and you put it into the ground and they will help grow a tree a tree.
The air for our next choice using the same principles of design was the solar system.
We look at the possibility of creating the life to keep the life for the international journey.
In order to do that, we need to give the bacteria and control their flower.
So as the paradigm space, we did our own end of elections, new forms of life created by the common form of adult and uniquely biological way.
And I like to think about the scientific biology like the limitation -- only instead of trying to make a little bit of prices -- they feel new biological function within very small condition.
This field is called a microbe.
So we started our own 3D controls to control the flow of these current bacteria closet.
In our first piece of career, they got two microbes.
The first one is the circum.
It lives in our oceans and in the street water.
And the second one.
One turn the light to the light -- the other control is going to come up and produce useful useful for the environment.
But these two microbes don't interact in nature.
In fact, they never know.
They are here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship in a piece of card.
Think about it as evolution -- not for natural selection but evolution for design.
In order to tell these relationships -- we've created a single field that gets up to the digital transition, which will help you flow these bacteria and they get their way out of the way.
And so we started to grow those cars in the human body, looking at the products of the material in the destination of it.
If we wanted more photographs -- we designed more transformatives.
And this particular digital system, when you get out of an end to the other.
This is the half of the language of a formation field -- and 10 times more than our shot intervention.
And here it is, as a price at TED -- our first particular picture of limited light lines with life in the rock.
Thank you.
Mars Sandy said, "We are creatures of modern, only half of it is made.
What if I design the other minute?
And if we could create structures that are going to take on the life lives?
And if we could create a few people who are going to fight our skin.
I think about this as a way of looking at biology.
I call this the materials of it.
For that, you always have to go back to nature.
So now you know that a 3D impact made a matter of matter in cars.
You also know that nature doesn't do it.
I grew up.
This card of the game, for example, create an highly sophisticated architecture -- a home inside which it gets metaphorically.
The article is not about this level.
It makes it through the combination of two materials.
One act as a structure -- the other one is the painting or the market, which is going to get those forces between each other.
And this happens through scale.
And the fear of the first one is coming in the environment -- it creates a research structure and then starts to make a computer career.
Terrorist and compassion, the two forces of life, they move into a single materials.
With the end of understanding how this complex process works. We pay a small message to the head of a search supply, to the historical.
We put it into a box with a magnetic sensors, and that allows us to create this set of points in three dollars and visit the complexity of the car of the seat of search.
However, when you put it up in a plant paradigm, not within a box -- we realized that it would take a little little card and it still will make it straight.
So we started to design different environment, different animations, and we have discovered that the way, the compassion -- the structure of the card, it becomes directly by the environment.
And they often take the search supplies into the death within the death within their cars, their seat is being used and used in the text industry.
We saw that by designing these planets. We can give us a way to the critical sector without having a single career.
And they are moving up, and we could create these things.
And so we share this process to the artificial scale.
We had a high robot by doing silence planets, and we put it in our site in our place.
We knew that the search sensors to the most dark and freedom, so we use a solar piece of solar room to reduce the distribution of light and the heat in our structure.
And so we created holes or opens, to make it out of the light of light and the heat of the light of the seat on the structure.
We were ready to get to the organisms.
We were able to take 6,000 tons of sex to a stream of search in line.
And after you find them four weeks, they were willing to deal with us.
We put them together in the control of the infection of the animation, and while they were showing them, they were starting, they were going up, they put sounds, and the life starts again, like us, but a lot more short of it.
Bruno Foundation said that the trend is the great interaction, and he was right.
And by the head of the biological seat on the high silence signals, they give all of this pollution to the stream.
And in a little more than two or three weeks ago, 6,000 seats of section are taking 6,000 miles away.
And in a certain current, this is also the language of the search of the seat.
You know, the polices, after the equation, they produce a billion sounds.
And this could be used for 200 dollars in the future.
So here are the two viruses in the world.
It's a silence through a robotic arm -- the other one filled visions.
If the last design of design is to give the products and the buildings that are around us, to form a little bit of two materials, the designers have to build these two viruses in the world.
And what it takes us back to you, of course, at the beginning.
Here is a new design of design, a new age of design, which brings us from an inspired design in nature to an inspired nature in design -- which is the first time, for the first time, that we do a lot of nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
You take your hand if you've ever asked them "What you want to be a lot?
If you had to remember what age they had when they asked them for the first time this?
You can show them with the desires.
Three three, five three, five, five five, five percent.
Now, you take your hand if the question would want to be more?
It has made some kind of anti-port.
And any antibiotics.
I'm somebody who could never respond to the question "What do you want to be a lot?
The problem was not that I had no interest -- but I had too much.
In school I liked the English -- the men and the art and the art of the website and I was able to take the galaxy in a piece called Telescope French.
Maybe you've heard about us.
And in general I like to try and lose all of us, because there are a long time and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But with the time this sense of death, this feeling is no longer a challenge -- it comes to stay.
And I have to leave it.
But then I was interested by another thing -- something completely different and I got up in it, and I let me open up and I feel like, "I have found the mind, and then again, this point where I start to go on.
And finally, I want to leave it.
But then I'd like to figure out something new and different -- and I would like to stay on that.
This pattern has a lot of antibiotics, for two reasons.
The first was because I was not sure how I was going to turn all this in a car.
I thought I had to choose one thing, to get all of my other patients, and I will be able to reach up.
Another reason why I got so excited to be a little bit more people.
I was worried that there would be a bad thing about this, and something bad in me is not going to do anything.
I was worried to have fear of the communication, or to be distributed, or to make my own success.
If you can relate to my story and these feelings -- I'd like to ask you something that I'd like to be able to be able to have been able to be able to have been able to be able to have been able to be able to have been able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
You can ask themselves, where they learn to get the meaning of bad or the ancient to do things.
I'm going to tell you where they learned it, they learned from culture.
And we ask us the first question what you want to be a lot?
When we have about five years.
And the truth is that no one care about what you do to that age.
It was considered an engineering question to put a little bit of the children like that, to be an antibiotics?
They try the disaster of Harvard here.
So this question is made us over and over again as we grow out of different forms -- please, to high school students to ask you that they are going to pick up in the universe.
And at some point, "What do you want to be a lot?
It's going to be the experimental exploration of before what the dream is.
Why?
If this question is inspired to the kids to do what they might be, it doesn't be inspired to do everything they might be.
In fact, it does just the opposite of it, because when somebody else ask you what you want to be, you can't answer with 20 different things, even though you are doing well and they say, "Oh, what do you do -- but you can't be an art of violence and police.
You have to explore.
This is the Dr. Bob Chicagos -- and he is an art of violence and paradigm.
And this American New Netherlands, which is a consumer strategy in the concern, employees, and creative distribution.
But most children don't hear about people like this.
All you hear is that they are going to have to choose it.
But it's more than that.
The notion of the central life is very involved in our culture.
This is this idea of the design or the real vision, the idea that every one of us has something that you have to do for their time in this land in this Earth, and you have to figure out what that thing is and reduce their life to it.
But if you are someone who is not connected to this way, right?
What if there are a lot of different issues that are going to leave their culture and many different things that want to do?
There is no place for someone like one in that way.
And so you can feel alone.
You can feel that it doesn't have a goal.
And feel that there's something wrong with one.
There's nothing wrong in you.
You're a music.
A music is someone with many interest and creative activity.
It's a battle for that to say.
It could help if you go up in three parts of it, multiple, potential and day.
You can also use other terms that tell the same idea, as a strategy, research.
And over the time of the Red, the idea was that I was going to see in a little bit of disasters.
Bruno Street is about us as "The "stupid?
They use any term that you like or invented one own one.
It seems like a kind of analyzing to a community -- we can't be done with a single idea.
It's easy to look at the music as a limitation or antibiotic that you have to see.
But what I've learned to talk to people and writing about these ideas in my website -- is that there are huge forces when you get this way.
So here are three things here.
One, the sounds of ideas.
I mean, the combination of two or more fields and the creation of something new in the environment.
Steve Hamburg and Richard Bang would express his interest in careful, vision of data, traditions, mathematics and design -- in the work of the Martin.
A lot is a company that creates great increases increased.
The Rather and Rome came up with this idea only by his microbes and experience.
The innovation is going on in the interesting.
That's where new ideas.
And the musicians, with all of their intelligence, you can access to a lot of these points of inside of them.
The second thing is the very quickly.
When the microbes are interested by something, we go to it.
We see everything we can have in our hands.
We are tend to be beginning, for having been a lot of times in the past, and this means that we have less afraid to test new things and go out of our food areas.
A lot of skills are transforming other distributions, and we bring everything that we've learned to every new area that we can do, so we were going to be able to go out of collection.
North David is a journey in a whole time and international writing.
And as a young little little little little girl who was an amazing ability to develop the modern memory of it.
Now, she is the most quickly.
Before I became a strategy, no one was a financial police.
And I had to learn the most financial people when I started his practice -- and this ability helped him write a conversation for the educations.
It was a loss of time to be able to do what you're going on to you, even if you end up at the end of it.
It is possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field in a way that you couldn't have seen it.
The third music is absolute. That is, the ability to transform in any thing that you need in a given situation.
Allen Zarlan is sometimes distributed from videos -- others -- and so on.
It's worth because it makes a good work.
He is even more valuable because it can be able to take a lot of relationships -- depending out of the needs of their clients.
The Prince Prince compare associated as the most important ability for development -- to protect in the 21st century.
The economic world changes so quickly and impressive that they are the individuals and organizations that can be able to pay the needs of the market.
It sounds of ideas -- quickly learning and additional -- three skills where the microbes are very healthy, and three skills that you could lose if you're ready to reduce their goal to reduce them.
As a society, we have a great interest in order to make the microbes to be themselves.
We have complex problems right now, and we need creative thought to do it in front of them.
Let's say they are, in your heart -- species.
They came out of the control knowing because they wanted to be people who they wanted to be discovering them.
They don't worry about, there's nothing wrong in you.
In fact, some of the best team.
The space can be delivered in deep and put in a process of ideas, and the music offer a consequence of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship here.
But we should all design lives and cars that make the way we are connected to the way we are.
And unfortunately, to the musicians in a large part of them as they just become more like their special colors.
Once I said this, if there is one thing that you get out of this talk -- I hope this is this -- I hope with the entire card, is what it is.
If you are a heart species, then special for all the media.
That's where you will give the best of you.
But for the musicians in the room, including those who were just going to be one of them in the last 12 minutes,  I tell you -- I tell you a lot of patients.
They keep their course for those control markets.
They experience the interesting.
It will open up our inner cartoon it takes us to a more advanced and happy life.
And maybe the most importantly, musicians, the world needs us.
Thank you.
In the year, a woman named Alan took it to a prison in France.
And I couldn't remember and couldn't remember even the most basic detail of their life.
His doctor is called Alexander.
Einstein did not know how to help Australia, but I came up with her until that, by the way, I was going to go in 1990.
And after his death, Alexander would do a corner and they found strange plants and obsession in the brain of Alexander, from a guy who never seen before.
The most amazing thing.
If you had been living today, we couldn't give it to her more help than Alexander gave him 120 years ago.
And Alexander was Dr. Alexander Alexander.
And Sudan Dependence, the first patient to get a device that we now call Alan disease.
In fact, the medicine.
They have been discovered and vaccines to protect them from the informations, a lot of treatment for cancer, anti-portions for HIV -- statistics for the careers and much more.
But it has been produced in the treatment of Alexander.
I am part of a team of scientists that work to find a course for Alexander for more than a decade ago.
So I think about this all the time.
The Allian now affect 40 million around the world.
But in 2010, it will affect 150 million that, by the way, to get a lot of you.
If you hope to live up to the age of 25 or more, the possibility to tell Alexander will be almost one of the two.
In other words, there is the chance that they spend their years with Alexander or helping to take a friend or a friend with Alan.
It's just in the United States, the Carl Canada costs about 200 billion every year.
One of five dollars of the medical air is spend in the disease.
So today it's the most expensive disease and their cost is the passion of five times in the year.
You may be surprised -- but Alliance is one of the biggest medical and social challenges of our generation.
But it has been relatively little to get it.
Today, one of the 10 different causes of death all around the world, Antarctica is the only one that you can't predict or it can be able to get their development.
We understand less than other disease than other diseases because we've invest less time and money in the research.
The U.S. government spend 10 times more every year in the cancer of cancer.
The lack of resources is going to be a more fundamental cause -- the lack of science.
Because this is what a few people know, but all the world should be, the Alliance is a disease, and we can fix it.
For most of the last 120 years, all of the scientists -- even the scientists -- consumer Alexander with me.
We thought that will be sitting in a normal part of a normal and income part of supporting.
But there is only to look at a picture of a human brain in compassion with the one of a patient in Alexander to see the real physical doctors by this disease.
In addition to describe a sense of memory of memory and mental skills -- the day to the brain of the Australia destroyed by the life of life, and it's always morality.
They remember -- Dr. Alexander found plants and extraordinary supplies in the brain of Sun a century.
For almost a century, we didn't know a lot about this.
Today we know that they are made of problems.
You can think about a piece of protein as a piece of paper that was passed as a organization.
There are places in the role that are present.
And when it gets well, these personal dots end up in the Internet.
But sometimes things go wrong, and some personal dots are going on the outside of it.
And this makes the test molecules go into each other, form groups that can form big plants and obsessions.
That's what we see in the patients with Alan.
We have spent the last 10 years in the University of California trying to understand how this discovery works.
There are a lot of countries, and the identity of what happens to be complex is complex -- as to develop a battery.
It could be able to do anything.
It can be able to do the experiment of the experience that you can do the experience of it.
And you have to find the right step that you know, and then create a drug that do it.
And until it makes a little bit of a little bit of the back of the cars and hope the best of the better.
But now there is a different group of people -- medical people, genetics, genetics, physical and mathematical and mathematical group.
And together, we have been able to identify a critical step in the process. Now it's going to be a new kind of drugs that are worth especially this step to stop the disease.
I'll show you some of our last results.
No one outside our lab has seen it yet.
So let's look at a few videos of what happened to you to try and test these freedoms in superstractions.
So these are the silence supplies, and you can see that they move up with normal.
These games, on the other hand, they have a test molecules that are pay in each other within them, as in humans with Alan.
And you can see that they're clearly constructed.
But when you give our new drugs to these games in a early stage -- then we see that they go up and live a normal life.
This is just a positive final result -- but the research like this shows that Alliance is a disease that we can understand and control.
After 160 years of hope, there is real hope of what it can do in the next 10 or 20 years.
But in order to grow that hope to see the Alliance, we need help.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We need to be able to convince us that Alexander is a disease and that if we tried it, we can see it.
In the case of other diseases and the patients and their families have heard more research and extra pressure about governments -- industrial industry and legal industries.
That was essential to move in the treatment of HIV at the end of the 80 percent.
We see that same unit to look at cancer.
But the patient patients often can't talk for themselves.
And their families -- the visual voices of their beings are going on and night, are often too far to go out and open for change.
So it really depends on you.
The Alexander is not in most cases a genetic disease.
The whole world with a brain is the risk with the risk of the risk of the world.
Today, there are 40 million patients like Alexander, who can't create the change they need for themselves.
They help me talk about them, and they help up a culture.
Thank you.
I published this article in the New York City New York Times in this year.
In order to make sure of somebody -- do this.
The article is about a political study -- designed to create a local love in the lab, and from my own experience to try to test it one night on the last summer of the past.
So the process is pretty simple -- two strange strategies are going to be able to make 16 questions more and more personal and then both people look at the eyes without talking for four minutes.
Here's a couple of questions.
Number 12 -- if you could get morning with a quality or ability -- what would it be?
Number 21st -- when was the last time I read in the other person in the other.
And right?
As you go down, these are more and more people.
Number 30 -- this is really like I like you -- I gave you a couple of him or her -- I know very close this time, and I gave things that you would not say to someone who has ever met before.
When I got up with this study about a few years ago, a reality really called me the attention -- the chicken that two of the particles had spent six months later and invited all of the lab to the condition.
So it was an effective about this process of making radio love, but of course, I was also introduced.
And when I had the ability to test this study -- with somebody who knew not particularly very well, I didn't expect to get it.
We don't know, and I thought, and I thought it was a good story, so I sent it to the colony love a few months later.
That was published in money, and now it is a career, so I guess some of you are probably asked to ask you -- keep together still together?
And the reason I think you can do this is because I've done this question over and over over the last seven months.
And this question is just what I want to talk about today.
But let's go back to the issue.
A week before it was going to put the article was very nervous to it.
I had been working on a red book in the last few years, so I had been able to write about my experience in the radio love in my blog.
But a black source can come to a few hundred people like a lot, and those were usually just my friends in Facebook and imagine that my article in the New York Times would be probably about a few of them.
And that makes a good amount of attention in a relatively new relationship in a relatively new relationship in a relatively new relationship of it.
But as you say, I had no idea.
The article was put up on the line on the night, and the search, this happened in the train of my blog.
And the domestic, I had been called the South Sam Androok and the Galaxy Monterey Monterey.
In one month, the article got over eight million view, and I was like, for saying something, I was going to say something for this kind of attention.
One thing is to be able to figure out how to write with a little bit of the extraordinary experience, but another thing is to find out that life love of one has been international news -- and that people all around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship in the state.
And when people call or write -- what they did every day for weeks -- always they did the first question -- even the same question -- they still follow together.
In fact, when I was asking this talk -- I made a quick search in the back of my company with the freedom, and they are sure."
And a lot of messages came up with.
They were from students and spirits and officers like this.
I was interested in the radio and they asked me.
Even I went up with a talk -- and a woman went up to the stage, "I know where your bone?
And I immediately got red to me.
I understand this is part of the treatment of it.
If you write about your relationship in an international day, you should expect people to be able to question about it.
But I was not prepared for the research of the answer.
The 17 questions seem to have been running life.
In fact, the New York Times published a complete article for San Valley, who including the experiences of the lessons to try to study the study in them with different degrees of success.
So my first impact to all this attention was to be very responsible with my own relationship to me.
I said not every piece that we were going to make a public application together.
It turns out of technology, and you get the pictures of pictures of us.
I think I was afraid that I was afraid to turn it up in the international economists of the entrepreneurship process that I didn't feel at the very career.
And I understand that people didn't want to know just if the study would work, they wanted to know if it really worked -- or is, if it was able to produce loved love -- not just a attention, not just a real love.
But this was a question that I didn't feel able to answer me.
My relationship had just a few months -- and I felt about all, that people put the wrong question.
How do we know if we would get together or not, and you also know it?
If the answer was not, I would do the experience of doing these 16 less interesting.
The Dr. Arabia Arabic wrote first about these questions in this same study in 19th -- and there, the goal of the research was not going to produce a radio love.
Instead of that, I was looking for an international restaurant between college students -- using what they used to called Super personal personality, progress and recovery.
It sounds like, right?
But the study would work.
The particles felt more close after doing it. several studies also used the Progress American protection as a quick way of creating trust and interaction between extraordinary.
They have used it between members of the police and the community -- and they have used it between people of positive political ideas.
The original version of history -- which I put the last summer -- that I made personal questions with four minutes of visual contact -- it was clearly in this article -- but unfortunately, it never published it.
And a few months ago, I was giving a talk in a little bit of free arts -- and then a student went up to me, and he said to me and he said to me, I put the study and didn't work.
He looked like it looked like this.
And I said, "Do you want to tell you that the person who would do it?
Well, he made a path.
I think she just wants to be friends.
And I said, but they became better friends.
Do you feel that they were going to be able to know better after the study?
The animation.
So it would work, I said.
But I don't think that was the answer that he was looking for.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that none of you are looking for when it comes to love.
I got up with the study for the first time when I was 2010, and I was going on a really difficult way.
I had had that relationship since I had 20 -- what I was supposed to do is basically my adult life, and he was my first real love -- and I had no idea how or if I could live without him.
So I come back in science.
And I thought everything I could find about the science of the radio love, and I hope that that could be a certain way to get the heart.
I don't know if I realized this at the time I thought that I just had a book for the book that I wrote to write -- it seems really obvious to me.
I thought that if I was sent with the knowledge of love love -- I would never have to feel as bad and just as I felt like this.
And all this knowledge has been useful from one or another way.
I'm more patient with love with love -- I'm more related.
I have more trust to look at what it looks like.
But I can also see more clearly -- and I can realize that what I look for is sometimes more than you can get to me.
And what I look for love is a game, not just to be attacked today, and it will be attacked to me, but that it will continue to be accessible by the person I love.
It may be that this is the galaxy that people asked when they wanted to know if we were still together.
The story that the media told up about the 16 questions is that there may be a car to get in.
There may be a way for some of them to make a little bit of the right risk -- and this is a very short story -- because we will be able to make us feel a wonderful thing, but it is also a local thing.
But I think when it comes from love -- we're very willing to accept the short version of history.
The version of the story that I ask, "You still follow together.
And his content with an answer of yes.
So more than one question, I would try that we make more difficult questions -- questions like, how do you tell you who your love is and who right?
So how do we lose them when things are compared, and how do you know when to cut and disappear?
How do you live with the institution that includes a relationship? Or even more, how do you live with the dream of your part?
I don't know necessarily the answer to these questions, but I think they're a good beginning to have a more responsible conversation about what it means to love somebody else.
So if you want to do the blood version of my relationship -- this is this one, a year ago, and I apply a study designed to create the local love -- we go in, we still follow together, and I'm very aware of it.
But it is not the same thing that will be end.
We're going to be the easy.
So at the end of my artist, I wrote -- love didn't happen.
We think we are going to take the choice to be able to be.
And I got a little bit when you read it now, not because it's not true, but because at the time, he had not considered everything that is going on.
It doesn't consider how many times we have to take that decision and how long you will have to keep doing that choice without knowing before he will always choose or not.
I want you to be enough to have done and respond 36 questions, have choose to love somebody so general and all of us and it will have experienced that choice in the largest data in the United States.
But what I've done in change is to become my relationship in the kind of half that I don't think right?
And what it looks like, and what you might spend my life looking for is that that half is true.
I want the final happy in the size of my article -- which is, in the way, the only part of the article that I really didn't write with.
But what I have in change is the opportunity to be able to love somebody and the hope that he also love me, and it is, but that's the deal with love.
Thank you.
I was created by a little bit of literature in the logic and in a certain way I got a lot of the forest.
The city of New York is a time ago --  something that really affect me, but more than a little bit more.
I'll start with when I was eight years old.
I took a mouse box -- and I would put a little bit of a dollar, a planet and a hand in her somewhere in College.
And I thought that some strange humans or a few people will find this box about 500 years later, and learn how our species are really ideas -- for example, how we eat the spirits.
I had no idea.
All of all, it has thank you because here I am, 30 years later, and I'm still doing box.
In a given moment I was in Haiti -- like to go out and make sure and all those things -- and I was doing a chair for my mother, and I was doing a calculation for my mother.
And I took a disaster and I took all the pages and I made a kind of carbon colleagues to the American Allen Marine, the restaurant of resource and a bees was applied.
Well, my mother has fear of the bees and it is a straight to them, so I add to them in the leader, thinking I could take it.
In change, it happened the controllers, in some way it seems to go out of size -- as if it was that you look at the text with a land.
So I did it -- I built more box.
And this time, I started to add electric elements -- bars, balloons that I was finding on the street -- everything that I could find -- because I was looking for things all my life, trying to relate to them and tell stories about these objects on them.
So I started to draw around the objects and I realized that God can draw in space.
And I can be able to go up as long as you get around a care in the scale of the crime.
And I got the objects and I created my own terms of investigating species.
First, boats, that you can make an idea.
And then I made a few insects and extraordinary creatures.
It was very fun. It was very fun to draw in the restaurant cars.
And it was great, because I started to move emotions and those things, and I was playing a little bit money, to take my language to control, for example, going to September.
It was straight, man.
At some point I was interested by the human form of natural size of human beings with human beings within the cars.
It was great, except for one thing -- I showed me.
I didn't know what to do, because the reaction was going to kill me.
And I was going to the bed every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use life.
I began to draw in the video cars, similar in a window in a window -- then in another window -- and another window -- and I had all these guys together who were going to form a traditional compassion.
And this really works, and so I could stop using the resource.
So I did this for years, and my work has a very big thing, which I call "The "Strains?
For the "bit, I was inspired by the back of the decades of the decades of the Depressions of Harvard Bronx who is a painting in the Mountain Media in Spain.
Do you know that?
Well, it is a fantastic car.
They say it's a little bit about your time.
Well, the "dead, I'll explain this piece here.
It would be able to be 16 dollars.
5,000 feet long.
It has a face for what are 10 feet of compassion here.
It's a little bit rate.
Well, that's the source of the blood.
On the left -- it's Japan and the locations.
There is a culture where all these creatures with animals of animals travel between two world.
They go from the world of the responsibility, to this idea of an animal malaria where they get up.
So here is where the creatures with animals of animals are given to the factory, ready to support in the ocean.
The ocean is full of thousands of elements.
This is a young God at a stream.
Bill Green is in the sea -- the Hollywood -- the Harvard program -- Walker -- Walker Brazilian Brazilian, Warney British -- there are all kinds of open things that you can find if you look very well in the ocean.
It's also a kind of market.
It's coming out of the ocean -- and I heard oil in a hand while the other hand came up with college.
His hands are like bacteria and it looks like the Earth.
So it's a state of the short.
It's a little bit of a national.
That's the hand in which I went on.
And then, when you go to the other side, it has a tradition, like a piece of bird -- and I had college colleges.
It also has a picture of five feet long a little bit of service that you can get to the short.
All of all, his collection comes up to put on a volume.
I don't know why it happened that.
You know, you know.
His train ended up in a piece of career care made from early terrorists of hero.
Have you seen them?
They were done in the 1990s, as if they were barrier balls of the terrorists.
All right.  This brings me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects -- you're called "The patients.
It's about six years to make 100 of these human beings.
Each one is a character of our culture, through media and materials are engaged, disappearing or designers.
But each act as a kind of artist in a way of being human -- and they travel in 20 or 12 or 12 to the time.
They are as cells -- they get together, they get up.
And you can walk between them. It's getting years.
Each one is basically a little bit of microbes that would be 120 pounds with a human human in their environment.
This has a little culture in the bear.
That's the head -- it's the fish -- you can get the distribution.
I will get to you by the rest of the body, there is a care that comes out of the fish -- and he would take it out of the piece or not, or what you have, a kind of anti-portant thing.
It's a quick challenge of these works because I can't explain it for a long time.
We have cars, you can see.
This is a body body by half it.
This has two head, and it's being communicate between the two.
There are a little bit of police that comes out and they go into the head of this strange state.
There is a little forest scene inside the traditional career.
Can you see it?
Anyway, this talk is about these box, just like the cars we live in.
We are in a box -- the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box.
This is a street box called Pole.
In this box there is a physics -- a neurons, a phone, a memory, a memory, a metaphor, a metaphor, a museum -- a school, a school, a school arm that gives all the content that we do in the world, and a look.
Let's take the box and all of the people in each other as particles with each other.
And I think that's how to change the world.
When you go down who is and the box that it's living in.
And together we get to realize that we are all together in this, that this idea that we are different -- these consequences of the countries, of the controls, the relationships, it doesn't work.
We are all very made of the same material and in the same box.
And if we don't start to interact those things with democracy and maybe we are all going to die very soon in it.
Thank you very much.
What do you do when you give them the head?
They take a paradigm.
But so that this police has an effect against the pain -- first of the states, the interfaces and other oceans and other oceans and other organs are.
It will take a police is the most effective system that is the most effective and interview it for any medical success in the body.
The disaster, though, is that when you turn it up to any drugs that is disappearing.
And this is a big problem, especially in patients with HIV people.
When they take an artificial drugs -- these guys are going to give up the amount of viruses in the blood -- and to increase the center of CD.
But they are also known by their high side effects -- in their most negative effects -- because in the time that they take on the blood coral, they get disappear, and worse even by the time they take to get to their destiny, which is where it is more important, in the HIV depression.
These are the region of the body like the limitations -- the neurons -- the planets, the planets, the planets where the virus is involved and it doesn't easily go into the blood temperature of the patients that are being used to the terrible television with an artificial medicine.
However, after the interaction of the treatment -- the virus can stay and identify new blood cells.
This is the great problem of the treatment of the HIV treatment with the current transitions that is a treatment of a life of life by the way it is going to be obsessed.
One day, I felt and I thought, "Can we get the treatment directly to the discovery of the vision, without the risk of discussions.
As a scientific experience in lights, the answer was in front of me, of course.
If you use interview, for the course of headlines and surgery of distributions, you can use for any thing to do that, including the entire transportation of the drugs in the discoveries.
In fact, we're already using them to be able to read to open or get extremely small holes -- they open up and lose almost the cell cells with HIV to interact the medicine.
And the best thing you ask, "How is that possible.
We send a little and a little bit of a little bit of the police of the cell cell in the entire cell of HIV as these cells are usually important in a light that comes up with the factor.
And the side is going on the cell -- while the cell is going to open the factory in a matter of microbes as well.
Before I even realize the hole is related to increased.
We are going to try this technology in a view or in Paris patterns, but the goal is to take this technology into the human body, apply it to the human body.
"How is that possible -- you can question.
Well, the answer is, through a three head.
With the first head -- which is our read -- we're going to make an innovation in the site of the information.
The second head -- which is a camera -- it goes to the site of the information.
On the last one, the third head -- an instrument that described the factory, it goes directly on the site of the information, while the light is used again to keep open cells.
Well, this doesn't seem a lot of time.
But one day, if it has success -- this technology can lead to the total emotion of HIV of the body.
Yeah. A course for HIV care.
This is the dream of all research research in our case, in our case, a treatment with it.
Thank you.
In the last decade -- I've been studied by argument are not students, organizations like terrorists, institutions or military.
And I tell you what these groups are not deployed.
My goal is to understand better to these genetic ancestors of violence and study ways to add the transition of the visual perspective to the control of the violence in the control of the visual control.
I do a field working in the world of politics and in the biomass.
To understand these groups is key to solve almost all of all of us in top of it, because the war has changed.
It used to be a decade between state.
No.
Now it's a conflict between the state and activists not government.
For example, from the 17th press of peace press between hero.
So we need to understand these groups -- we have to be able to get them or show them in any process of successful conflict process.
But how do you do it?
We need to know what it is to do to these organizations here.
We know very well the reasons why they fight it, how they do it, but nobody knows what they do when they don't do.
The article stream and the politics are not related.
It's all part of the same organization in the same way.
We can't understand these groups -- not a lot less to them, without a global vision.
The articles of today are complex organizations today.
For example, the Higgs Hill, known by his entire vision against Israel.
From his creation in the 19th decades -- Harry has also spent a political party, a network of social services and a military application.
In the same way, the Park Hamman, known by their authoritarian attacks against India, as well.
So these groups do more than just defined.
They're music.
They have a complex computer of communication -- state states, state states, states of the Internet and structures in social networks in social networks
And here you have the GDP record, and I put up in English and published to recognize.
The articles are also involved in a computer relationship of fluids without satellites, but through bright business -- for example, companies of construction company.
These activities are key to do.
They allow them to get these groups to increase their factor, to increase their forests, to get better and build their market.
The air groups also do something else -- they create the most strong things with their population involved in social services in social services in it.
They build schools -- they put up hospitals -- they put up in market programs of teachers or marketing.
They offer all these services and more.
The articles are also trying to control the population of something that the state is not going to be surprised, security and production.
The state of the streams in an Afghanistan.
Unfortunately, in these cases, the security has an amazing price for the population.
But in general, I will provide social services to make a vaccine, a rate left by the government, and they allow these groups to stay and increase their power.
So for example, the electrical view of the passion of the passion of the passion can not understand the social work of the group.
It's a really complex stage -- even in the West in the West when we get to the argument groups -- we just think about the visual side.
But that's not enough to understand the factors of these groups -- the strategy or the long view of a long time.
These groups are hunger.
They grow up because they are filled by the government, and they come up with the government, and they come up as a strategic and political groups in the visual fight and give them a general garden.
And the more complex and the solidations are these organizations and the less we can tell them as something against a state.
How do you call a group like Hello?
They give up part of a teacher, they have all their work, and they get the back of the street system.
Is it a state? Is it a recording group.
Or maybe it's another thing, something new and different.
And what is EDI.
And the lines were disappearing.
We live in a world of states and banks with not state and banks, and how much more bees are the states -- like in the Middle Middle East, more interact and they call that rate areas not government.
This is important for governments because to control these groups will have to invest more in terms of not military tools.
And I will take that government value has to be in the center of any social approach to it.
This is very important to go up and get the peace.
If we understand the ground groups -- we're going to understand better what you can offer to make to make the transition of violence to not violence.
In this new device between state and activists -- the military power can make a few bacteria -- but we're not going to give us a piece of painting.
So to get these objects we need a long time to get a long piece of security to fill out that sequence of security -- to fill that group of government that allows these groups to protect in a beginning.
Thank you.
I'm a favorite as a woman and as a favorite.
My choices on the age of gender are very high, but I fear that to accept the stage of "The "distance of "The "fire would be increasing for the factors.
I'm a favorite, but pretty bad.
And by the same thing that I love as a bad family.
Or, at least I wrote an article -- and a book called "The bad France, and then in the interviews, people started called the Facebook Facebook.
So what I started as a personal balloon destroyed to me, and a democratic creation, has become something bigger to me.
Let me give you a step back.
When I was young -- especially in my village and the 20 years, I had strange ideas on the factors, these passionate women with the men and they had the sex -- as if that was a bad thing.
Today, I see how the women are all around the world and the goal, in particular, it looks like a perfectly bad answer.
But at the time, I was worried about the top that I was using people to be using that it could be family.
It's going to be used as a family was a concern, a word and disappearing word.
They took me as a woman who doesn't follow the rules -- that it would be a lot of unconscious and it goes up to believe that it's just like a man.
No one wants to be that beautiful woman, until you realize that it's actually that woman and can't imagine to be another person.
With the time, as I was growing up, I started to accept that I am in fact, in fact, for me, and so on, and so on.
For me, certain antibiotics are interesting, women are equal to men.
We have the same dream for the same work.
We have right to travel around the world as we want it, free or violence.
We have right to use in easy and access to the antibiotics and the recording services and the recovery services and the recording services and the recovery services and the recording services and the recovery services and the recording services and the recovery services and the recording services and the recovery services and the recording services and the recovery services and the recording services and the recovery services and the
We have the right to decide about our bodies -- without needs of light control or a very entire doctors.
We have the right.
There's more.
When you talk about the needs of women, you have to have in our other ideas.
We're not just women.
We are people with a different body, relationship and sex and social conditions and a lot more.
We have to have a matter of these differences and how they affect us, in the same way that we have in common it.
And without this kind of environment, our family is not anything.
For me, these truth is sounds, but to be clear -- I'm a destruction.
I'm full of controls.
There are a lot of things that make me a bad family.
I have another conference.
When I get to work, I hear music music to all come back.
Even though the letter was delivered to women and I was presented by the Colling Congress, the Charles State State State is amazing.
I'm actually going to do it with your moral card.
And I mean, you know, you move up until you get the control.
Think about it.
You know, right?
I am completely moved by my music lists.
I believe in the work of the man -- which is all I don't want to do, including --  -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- all of the doctors -- but it will also kill insects -- the back of the back and the control of the ball and the market market.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
The reason is my favorite color here.
And I discover the motivation of the mother and the basic things.
And I can see "The Bangalore, and I have the red companies, and I have a lot of articles of the stories that are actually done to do.
Some of my drugs are more depressed.
If a woman wants to add the application of his market, it's his choice -- and I'm not who to play it.
If a woman decided to stay in home to create his children, I accept that choice as well.
And the problem is not that it becomes extremely vulnerable through this same choice -- the problem is that our society is going to make women that make women have been essentially vulnerable when they choose it.
We solve this problem.
And I went up with the conventional phenomenon that has been involved or dependent on the need of the women of color women -- the workers, the horrible and the transportation, the horrible women of white women.
You hear -- if that's good factory I'm a very bad.
It also happens the next thing -- as a February, I feel a lot of pressure.
We have this tend to put families up in a display.
We hope that they are going to go to the perspective.
When we tell us, we would take them with a lot of like the same oil where we put them.
As I said, I'm a destiny, I have been a destruction of that oil before they try to get there.
A lot of women, particularly innovations and the leaders of the sector -- they have fear of being strategic as families.
They have afraid to put it out and say, "Yes, I'm family, for fear that it means that stage, for fear to be able to not be able to be able to come up with a little bit of the reality.
Let's take for example, or like I call it the God.
In the last few years, it's a decades of democracy.
In the New Alexanders Maria America in MIT, at MIT, the word of the word "free of the fishing footprint.
And it was a magnetic approach -- to see this star of the power to open the factory and make the women know the women and the young men who will be female is something to be proud of it.
spent the time, the cultural crisis started in the international destructions if you were or not quite fascinating.
They carry their factory, instead of simply creating the word of an adult woman and marriage.
So we take a sense of factories, because we're still fighting for a lot, we want a lot -- we need so hard so much.
We're going to go far beyond the feeling of feeling and build -- to design the flow of any woman, to enjoy it until it doesn't be anything.
We don't need to do that.
The bad factory, or a lot of the most including is the point of particular.
But what happens after what?
We went back to recognize our implications to give you the action and be a little bit more values.
If I listen to music music, I'm creating a decade for artists that would be more than they were more than happy to put a straight supply.
These artists will not change their way to talk about women in their song until we explore the change by the application of the personalities.
No hard is hard.
Why does his music have to be so predictable?
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to get a worst choice to it.
But when the bad decisions are contributed to make it more difficult for women to do that, the equivalent that we all move and it's our responsibility to us.
I think about my streets, three and four years.
These are two magnetic girls -- and they are also going to be able to grow up in a world.
Where it comes to the strong creatures that are.
I think of them, of suddenly the best choice is going to look like something much easier to do.
We can all take better decisions better.
We can change the car when a television program is about the sexual violence against women as a decade, come from the Tracer of Treating.
We can change the radio temperature when we listen to women that treat women like anything.
We can spend our money to go to the science in another part when the molecules don't treat women more than like democracy objects as well.
We can stop support the teachers who are going to try to do their colleagues as a balloon state.
In any case, the men -- especially the white men -- especially men can say, "No, I'm not going to be able to put it in their progress, or to work with you, or work with you, until I didn't even include a number of women, so much to be able to make decisions to make decisions to it.
I'm not going to work with you, until his population, or his organization is more involved with a more famous gallery of people.
Those of us who are surprisingly, but invited in this kind of projects -- we can also help us to be including even more like us as we are going to go up with the bars to the decades of decision to them.
Because we are not a lot of fish -- without these efforts, without taking these position together, and we are going to make it very small.
We can make these small act of value and expect our decisions to get to the top -- people in the power and the mathematicians of science and music, Congo, the people who can take great decisions -- more values, to create a hard and significant change.
We can also be able to be able to deal with our factory, well, it's going to get it out of the back of the party.
The last line of my book, "Man Francisco, says, "I will be a bad family to not be at all.
This is true because of a lot of reasons -- but I say, above all, because I took my voice to me, and the female was helped me to get it.
There was a income.
I call it the income to do what happened.
And a few girls were given when I was very young -- and I didn't know that the kids can do this to a girl to it.
They were treated as if it was.
I started to believe that it wasn't anything.
They came up with my voice -- and after all of it doesn't go to believe that I could say something that could be impossible.
But I was writing out.
And with it I was going to write it.
I got in a more strong version of myself.
And the words of those women who could understand a story like me, and the women who look like me and understand what it meant to live in this world if you have the skin.
The words of women who showed me that it wasn't anything.
I learned to write like them, and then I learned to write like myself.
I found my voice again, and I started to believe that my voice is powerful than you can measure it.
And through the writing and factory, I also found that if it was a little bit, another woman could hear and see and realize that none of us is the nothing that the world about saying we are.
In a hand, I have the power to do anything else.
And in the other one, I get the fact that I am just a woman.
I am a bad factory -- I'm a good woman, I'm trying to improve my way to think, what I say and what I do, without running everything that makes me human.
I hope we all can do the same thing.
I hope that we could all be a little bit.
And I was going on after night in the last year, 1850 children in California, they had to be able to have seen Disney or to be excited to someone who had been there.
The virus then you get the frame with California, including more than 100 children in Sendrini.
One of the traditional things of this brain is that the fact that it can be fascinating for a child with a little bit of a ball system -- it's one of the most popular disease in the world.
There is an effective vaccine against this from more than a century ago, but many of the children involved in the Disting Bronx had not been variable because their parents had fear of something else even worse -- the authority.
But a moment was not the article that you take on the police on the car and the distributed values and demand and marriage for being a farmer destroyed by the North Minister Millennium.
It doesn't believe most smart scientists that the theory that the values are cause is a structure?
I think most of you know, but millions of parents all over the world are still going to be able to be able to put their children to their children of having autism.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a graph of the states of the authority in time.
For most of the 20th century of the 20th century, it became a very nice disease.
And the few people who had heard about it, they created all their professional life without seeing one case.
For decades for decades -- the presentation companies are just about three or four children for every 10 percent.
But then, in the 1990s, the numbers began to describe.
Organization organizations like Australia Allen are actually being done by the audience as an epidemic -- as if I could focus on another child in Disney.
What's going on?
If you're not the vaccines, what is it?
If you ask people from the center of the control of Democratic Control in the Congress of Art Water what is going on, they tend to go down in factors like the disaster disasters and "The best design of cases, to explain these growing cells.
But that kind of language did not have a lot of the fear of a young mother that I look for in the face of his son of two years, the visual control.
If you have to be able to figure out, why were they so recording to the principle?
Why were the cases of activists so hard to find before the 1980s.
five years ago, I decided to discover the answer to these questions.
I learned that what happened is less than what happened to do with the legal progress and cost of science than with the self-assembly power of nature.
For the most part of the 20th century, doctors told a story about what the car is and how you discovered it, but that story turned out to be a fair, and the consequences of the same are having a healthy impact in global public health.
There was a second story in the audience that had been lost and forget in the dark rights of the clinical line.
This second story tells us all about how we get here and where we have to go.
And the first story starts with a pilot paper, I read King King, from the hospital John Hollywood -- in 1995, Kanzi published an article that described 18 young patients that seem to be able to have private worlds that seem to be able to have private worlds -- even to their own parents.
They could diversity for hours by the hands of their face, but they were kind of present from the paradigm by means as when they didn't put their favorite place in their heart place without knowing them.
On the base of the patients to treat in their clinic, Katie species that the car is very radical.
By the last decade of the world of the world in the issue in the issue in the topic -- that I had seen less than 150 true cases of their seat as it comes out of places of places as far as South Africa.
This is actually not to be able to extract, because the Christian Critics for the artist of autism were very responsible.
For example, I was able to give that device to kids with controls, but now we know that space is very common in autism.
Once he had become nine from every 10 children sent by other doctors to their consumer to be an article without giving you a disaster of autism.
Kid was a smart man, but part of his theory, they were not certainly.
It cares the car as a form of information scientists made by cold parents and states.
These kids, he said, you know, they have gone together in a record that doesn't control.
At the same time, yet Katie noticed that some of his young patients had special skills that they add in certain areas like music and the music and the memory.
One of the kids in their clinical might be able to figure out between 18 cents before I was going to get the two years.
When his mother put one of his favorite discoveries, he was right said, "Be "Bees."
But Katie had a bad choice of these skills -- making things like the kids were just doing what they had heard of their parents designers, despite to win their approach.
As a result, the car became a source source for the families -- and two generations of children were sent to institutions for their own well, becoming invisible for the world in general world.
It was not to the decade in the 1990s, that the researchers started to try to test the theory of Karlar that the car was rate.
London William, I thought that the theory of the Montere's mothers in Katie was pretty exciting.
And she and his wife John were carefully carefully and adversarial -- and they had a profound authority called Sun.
Lady and John knew how hard it was to create a little girl like Sun without support systems, without special education, and without access to other resources.
In order to stop the National service of health that they needed more resources for the authoritarian children and their families and their families and his colleagues John Garden decided to do something that should be done 30 years before.
They did a study of activity in the general population.
They lost a location of London called California to try to find the children in the community.
What you saw was clear that the model of Katie was too limited -- because the reality of activity was a lot more color and fun.
Some children could not talk at all, while other people were getting up in their favorite by the artists, in the distributions or the generation of the reality.
In another way, these kids were not going to get out in the white and straight cars, like Johnson, and they saw a lot of them, much more than the mobile model of Katie would have been predicted.
At the beginning, they were lost to try to make sense of their data.
How did no one have been sitting out of these kids before.
But then London, I found a relationship to an article in 1960, the next year, the next year, the next year in Karagen, and then he came up with the consequences of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember it.
Karia knew about this article of the compassion -- but I ended up starting to get it in his own work.
There was not even a transition to the English -- but by the way, the Marine Marine was talking about, and he brought it for it.
The pain is an alternative story of the authority.
His car was a man named Haiti Andrew, who gave an entire clinical school with an interesting school in the 1990s.
The ideas of Allen's interaction for the design of children with the learning of learning is even for the controlled states.
The morning in their ocean started with kinds of excitements with music with music and children keep their games on the task.
Instead of carried to the parents of causing autism, it will lead to the describe as a political distribution of life that I was able to have complicated forms of support and space spaces during the course of all life.
Instead of trying to treat kids in their climate as patients as the patients called their little teachers -- and it was being decided to help in the development of education of education that were especially right for them.
Finally, Alexander saw the car as a different control that was going to have a lot of a variety of dollars and discoveries.
He believed that the car and the authorities were common and they always have been compared, and you have been looking at this content of this knowledge in the cultural culture as the social social scientist and the destructive teacher disappeared.
He was even more there to say, that for the success in science and art -- a piece of activity is essential to it.
Lady and Johnson found that Katie was wrong.
In the next few years, they worked on the United States of Park to make the distribution of the discussion that they would reduce the diversity of what they call "The authority of an automobile.
At the end of the 80 and the beginning of the 90 -- their changes came up with visual, using the limited model of Karia for a failure and even and even and even and even and even and even and even and even and even and even and even and even and even and even and even and even and even and even and even and even and even
These changes don't go up in a red room.
It started -- when London and Johnson would work between background to reduce these crimes, people all around the world will see an article for the first time.
before you go out of "The "Bast Mars, it was just a little curve, I knew what was the authority, but after the income attention of Darwin Harry and the recognize of "The Rome Red and the record of "The "Bast Rossi, with four prisons of the Audience: designers, teachers and parents all around the world knew what the automobile was.
At the same time, they went up with the first easy clinical evidence to use the authority.
I didn't have a connection with that little example of experts to get a display for his son for his child.
The combination of "The Roman Man: the changes in the crimes and the interaction of these test is created a network of network -- a perfect training of the consequence of autism.
The number of drugs started to go up, just like they had London and Johnson, in fact they would expect that it was -- to make sure that people with car and their families finally got the support and the services that they do.
And so Alexander Walker was going to go back to the vaccines in the distances in the disasters, a simple one, and a simple story is as bad as the theory.
If the current structure in the center of the pressure that one in the United States are in the United States are right in the space -- it's right -- architects are one of the largest massive groups in the world.
In the last few years, people have been used in the Internet to reduce the idea that they are public to solve for the new doctors -- by taking the term to celebrate the variety of human education.
One way to understand the neurons is to think about terms of human operating systems.
The fact that a pattern doesn't work with Williams, it doesn't mean that it's relative.
And in the article studies -- the normal human brain is easy enough -- it's very social -- and it came out of an attention of attention to the details.
However, people have hard to live in a world not built for them.
70 years later, we are still coming to Alzheimer's -- that it creates the "bit for the most amazing aspects of activity are in the understanding of the teachers -- companies with ability and common communities -- and the parents in the potential of their children.
A young woman named Zorea Zerons once said, "We need all the hands in front of the human home.
And as we move up to a future future, we need all the forms of human intelligence in the planet to make the challenges that we face as a society.
We can't allow us to do a brain.
Thank you.
